State m
WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
Sunday and Monday partly
cloudy, probably showers
north and east portions;
The average price of cop
per for the week ending Aug
ust 27, 1919 was $22,625.
4
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 21 NO. 209.
TWO SECTIONS
BISBEE, ARIZONA,. SUNDAY, AUGUST 31, 1919.
TWELVE PAGES
PRICE FIVE CENTS
-
.I
5
no
ARE
1. 1. WITNESS
CASES A0IV1ITS ORGANIZED LABOR
SPURNED BISBEE WOBBLY STRIKE
County Attorney's Witness Tells of Anger When Organized
Labor Refused to Recognize I. W. W. Revolt Against War
Copper Production; Austrian Draft Exempt and Other I. W.
W. Are Prosecution's Witnesses; No Session on Monday
(Special to The Review.)
DOUGLAS. Ariz., Aug. 30. I. W.
W. doctrines, teachings and activi
ties this afternoon formed the subject
matter of the greater portion of the
testimony of witnesses for the state
during the preliminary hearing of
the 200 Douglas and Bisbee citizens
oharire.1 on a blanket warrant with
kidnapping for their alleged part In
the deportations that ended the
Wobbly ptrike in the Warren mining
district two years ago.
The I. W. W. was painted In many
colors bi the state witnesses. Some
of the testimony gave the "Wobbly'
a white hue, unstained by any dis
honorable blot and fairly glistening
with sincerity. And other testimony
indicated him as clothed In red,
white ard blue, loyal to his country
and striving, by means of calling
, strikes and threatening industry,
only to serve the government In its
hour of need.
Cautious Patriotism.
Pete egulja, a former member of
the Austrian army, declared that his
principM motive in going on strike
and Joining the I. W. W. was to help
the government to win tha war, and
free "the poor peoples of Austria
"f om n lif 01 oppression." According
S.o Segulja he?ca so anxious to help
the United States that he went out
on strike in the Warren district to
force the government to take over
the copper mines; invested $2,000 in
a ranch when his two brothers were
drafted and arranged himself to be
exempt from draft, invested 1200 In
Liberty bonds out of $4,000 which he
and his brothers had, because he did
not think the government needed
any more money, and h,ad not yet
become an American citizen. He
was always loyal to the government
in respect, he said, and when war
was declared, he had often told
friends that "Uncle Sam will show
'em."
Jame& D. McCoy, another witness
called by the county attorney, during
cross-examination as to his reasons
for being an I. W. W., made no at
tempt to wave the flag in expound
ing the principles of the "patriotic"
wobblies, but gave some real, unadul
terated, old fashioned I. W. W.
theories. McCoy said he always had
believed, did and always would be
lieve in the motto "get as much as
you can. get as short hours as you
can and work as little as you can."
This, said McCoy, was his idea of
solving the labor question.
Strike Not Bonafide Labor Move.
McCoy's testimony helped to clear
up the question of who called the
strike and whether or not the Ameri
can Federation of Labor had any
thing to do with It. The witness said
he had belonged to the Western
Federation of Miners when the strike
was called, but "tore up my card,"
when President William Moyer, of
the W. F M., telegraphed Bisbee that
tha W. F M. had nothing to do with
calling the strike and did not recog
nize -it as a strike. The action of
President ;Moyer, said McCoy, anger
ed him so much he took out member
ship in the I. W. W. and would never
again carry a W. F. M. card.1
Believes In "Company Stores."
Asked what other I. W. .W. doc
trines, besides the "work, as little .'as
possible" theory, he believed In, Mc
Coy' said he believed in trading at
"company stores" on the grounds
that they had treated the strikers
more fairly than any other business
houses.
The .defendants and attorneys
laughed.
IRISH AMERICANS
WASHINGTON. Aug. 30. Im
passioned protests against the
league of nations were presented
on behalf of American Irishmen
today at a hearing before the sen
ate foreign relations committee.
In a series of dramatic appeals
whlci repeatedly provoked cheers,
from the crowd, damming the com
mittee report the, spokesman ae
clared the covenant sought to pro
noun e a death ' sentence on the
aspirrtions of the Irish people and
fasten forever upon Ireland what
they characterized a yoke of Brit
ish oppression.
El
IN DEPORTATION
"Is that one of the doctrines of
he I V W T" asked Attnrnev W. H
Rnrp-ps rhief counsel nf the defense. I
"I don't know," jaid McCoy, "but
it's one of my own."
McCoy said he did not know hard
ly any of the I. W. W. but belonged
to the organization because he be
lieved every man Bhould "belong to
some kind of union," and he would
not belong to the W. F. M. because
Moyer Lad refused to recognize the
I. W. W. strike at Bisbee.
Ideas Are Slightly Garbled.
Court was opened yesterday after
noon with the cross examination of
Segulja, who had given part of his
testimony on the previous day. Se
gulja said he had joined the I. W. W.
a few days before the deportations on
July 12, 1917, at the instance of one
of his Irothers, Felix Segulja, who
had been a member some time. Felix
told him, said the witness, that "now
is our chance." Felix told him, said
the witness, that if the strikers
would "stick together so that the
companies could not produce the cop
per, the government would have to
step in and take over the mines."
The witness explained his actions in
supporting the strike in various
1 e -- II yr a - owrfl 1 !n f, in itA-iltnllA
" . . 11 , A- ' V
had stayed; he thought it would help;
the government ir it were forced to
assume control of the mines; it
would give him a vocation of "about"
15 days" and he could have got back
the wates he had lost while on
strike "in a year or so;'
ir me gov-1
ernment could have been forced to
take over the mines, the miners
would have worked harder, but would
hare been less tired at night. These
were some of Pete's ideas on the
stand.
Curley as English Instructor.
The witness's command of the
English language was limited and he
had difficulty in making himself un
derstood and understanding the at
torney. At one point, during his tes
timony, he was asked by Attorney
Frank Curley if he "understood the
obligation of an oath," the word
"obligation" was too much f Pete.
Mr. Curley changed the question and
progressed well until he asked the
winess if he knew what the conse
quences would he if he gave any
false testimony while on the stand.
Pete had followed Curley until the
word "consequences came up. and
then bis understanding tripped up
again. At last, after several .further
efforts, Curley put it this way: "You
know what they'll do to you if you
don'J, tell the' truth, savvey?" and the
witness immediately "got the drift"
of the conversation.
Segulja said he was making more
at the time of the strike than he hadj
ever made in his life, excepting when
he had worked for his father in the
old country, but Pete was too loyal.
he said, to work during
when there was chance of forcing the
government to take over the; mines.
Can't Identify Bisbee Mayor.
John Rdthery of Miami, the second
witness called by' the state,', was on
the stand but a few minutes. Roth
ery told of having seen Frank Huck
ley. a Warren district miner, stand
ing in the ball park at Warren on
the day of the deportations, armed
and guarding the men who were be
ing deported. Rothery also named
four other men. Jack Fisher, Tom
Madden, Jack Hatcliffe and Jack
Rainey, whom he said he had seen
armed on July 12, 1917. These men
are not included In the list of -those
fCont1nn1 on Tn. Twn
PROTEST TREATY
. Among the speakers who Bald
they voiced the sentiments of
more than 20,000,000 Americans
of 'rrh origin, were Frank P.
Walsh of Kansas City, Michael J.
Ryan of Philadelphia and Edward
F. Dunne, former governor of Illi
nois, members of the American
commission which souffct to get
a hearing for Ireland at Versailles.
An opening statement was made
by Diniel F. Cohalan, justice of
the New York supreme court, and
the Vgal aspects of the covenant
as tuy affect Ireland, were sum
med up by Bourke Cockran, also
of N w York.
AND
Retailers Ordered
By U.S. To Cut
Meat Prices
WASHINGTON, Aug. 30. Un
less reduction in wholesale food
prices resulting from sharp
breaks on the produce, market are
passed on to the consumer, vig
orous punitive action will be
taken by the department of jus
tice, it was said today.
Officials said the lower whole
sale prices should be reflected on
the retail market in the near fu
ture. Profiteering in sugar virtually
has ceased, according to Judge
Ames, assistant to the attorney
general in charge of administer
ing the food cotrol law. Eleven
cents, he said, now is accepted as
the just price by dealers through
out the country.
STEEL STRIKE
A. F. of L Committee Strives
To Bring About An Amicable
Adjustment of All Demands;
Wilson Intervention Is Asked
WASHINGTON,- Aug. 30. Efforts
to organize the workers in he steel
pir iuii clfU Gi'fi being made with the
hope that an amicable adjustment of
their demands "may be reached be
fore any outbreak or cessation of
work shall be inaugurated," Samuel
Gomners. president of th American
Federation of Labor, said today in a
statement summarizing the work of
the federation's executive council.
The council has been in session
three days considering the general la
bor situation over the country, but
Mr. Gompers did not deal with the sit
uation as a whole. Nor did he indi
cate upon what was based the hope
that the controversy between the
steel men and the United States Steel
Corporation would be adjusted with
out resort to a strike.
President Wilson was asked yester
day to Intervene In the controversy,
but as he has yet made no move some
officials believed he had declined to
take a hand. Meantime, the time. limit
set for Chairman Gary, of the steel
corporation, to answer the men's re
quest for a conference, has expired
without an answer being received.
Endorsement of two strikes
those of the cigar maters and actors
by the federation's executive concil
was announced. The cigar makers
were pledged the full "moral and fi
nancial support" of the federation,
which promised also to appeal to all
labor and friends of labor to come to
the financial and moral assistance of
those engaged in the strike.
As to the railroad brotherhoods',
plan for tri-partite control of the rail
roads, generally known as the Plumb
W r. uompers sam me couuu.
HPERS OUT
TO AVERT BIS
fVio otrlLaiuau consilium! una ui ouvh t"-"
tance to labor, the people and the
country, that no action would be
taken until a special committee had
gathered and presented all the facts.
Regarding the Amsterdam confer
ence of International ; trade unions,
which he attended as an American
delegate, Mr. Gompers Bald it had
voted overwhelmingly against any
Bolshevik principles or tendencies.
The report of the American delegates,
he said. showed that the wave of
Bolshevism had receded.
No reference was made by Mr. Gom
pers to the President's decision not
to 'grant general wage Increases to
railroad employes at this time.
Oil Before Mexican
Congress Next Week
MEXICO CITY. Mex.. Aug. 30.
The extraordinary session of the Mex
ican congress called the first week in
May to consider urgent measures,
among them amendments to article 27
of the constitution, concerning nation
alization of oil lands, adjourned last
night with the petroleum measures
untouched. Congress, however, will
convene in regular session next Mon
day and President Carranza will ad
dress it. On Tuesday the senate is
scheduled to take up the amendments
to article 27, as recommended by its
special commission which reported
this week. This report, which is con
ciliatory to the petroleum interests, is
the subject of much discussion in po
litical circles and in the press.
gpWIEP 1 TES1ESSEE
iWIlll
BYSDCIALISTS
Say Debs' Chances of Pardon
From Jail Would Be Injured
If He Ran For Presidency;
Police Oust 'Reds' From Hall
CHICAGO, Aug. 30, A candidate
for president will not be named at the
national Socialist convention which
opened today. Resolutions to that ef
fect were adopted after J. Louis Eng
dahl of Chicago had proposed Eugene
V. Debs, now serving a prison sen
tence Icr violation of the espionage
law, for the nomination.
Seymour Stedman, temporary chair
man, declared that the nomination
would Injure Debs' chances for a par
don. Ejection of John Reed, unrecognized
Bolshev'k ambassador to the United
States, and 83 other members of the
left wlrg of the party, by members of
the police anarchist squad on guard
duty at the convention enlivened the
credentials fight In the morning.
In the meantime the main conven
tion of the Socialist rarty, headed by
Congressman-elect Berger of Wiscon
sin, Seymour Stedman and Adolph
Germs'', national secretary, is going
ahead with its business.
t
"We are the party," Mr. Berger per
sisted. "Th others are jns a lot of
anarchists. I have been through this
experience before."
Amors' the left wing delegates who
were malting the fi?ht today were
Rose Pastor Stokes, Kate Stadler and
E. Ferguson, temporary secretary of
the radicals.
"The left wing represents about 80
per cent of the Socialist party," said
Mr. Forguson, "but we seem to be left
out of -.he party's deliberations."
Only delegates who had white cards
vrere admitted to the floor of the con
vention today and most of the left
wing delegates were unare to obtain
these cards. The card of admission
up tq this year has been red. ;
Amonpr the fundamental differences
between the left arid the right wings
is the desire of the left to affiliate
with the third International of Mos
cow instead of the second internation
al of Berne. It Is said by many that
the left wing wants a policy similar
to the BolBhevikl of Russia.
97 Pet. U. S. Forces
Abroad Demobilized
WASHINGTON, Aug. 30. Ninety-
seven per, cent of the overseas forces
and 79 rer cent of those In the United
States on the day the armjstice was
signed have been demobilized, the
weekly war department reports today
showed. Only 68,913 men remained
in Europe on August 26, while in the
United States there were 324,000 and
in Siberia 8,500.
Voluntary enlistments to date were
announced as 107.694, of whom 3,657
enrollej for Siberian service.
REVOLT IN MOROCCO
PARIS, Aug. 30. Raisuli, the Mo
roccan bandit, who recently began a
new revolt In the Spanish zone In
Morocco, is raising contingents among
the various tribesmen. He is paying
his followers five francs dally and en
rolling hundreds of men, according Jo
advices received from Rabat. In the
region of Paza. Raisuli troops on Aug.
27 attacked a blockhouse but were re
pulsed with losses.
FIUME PROBLEM UNSOLVED
PARIS, Aug. 30. The treaty of
peace to be handed the Austrian dele
gation on Tuesday next does not solve
the problem of the disposition of
Fiume, according to the Temps.
ELE
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Aug. 30. Mu
nicii Kl elections will be held over '
Sonoma Sunday, August 31. In ad
dition the Guaymas, Hermosillo
and Magdalena districts will hold
special elections to choose mem
bers of the state chamber of de-.
puti"3. The selection made by
these districts at the spring elec
tion was considered unsuitable as
the chamber of deputies refused .
to recognize the successful candi-"
dates on account of alleged reac
tionary beliefs held by them.
GT ON IN
T
DAILY'REVIEW
ADVERTISING
SCORES AGAIN
The men behind the municipal
market which opened yesterday at
Lowell members of the city coun
cil and the American Legion
showered the Bisbee Review yes
terday with congratulations on the
effective results obtained through
the exclusive advertising and pub
licity carried in The Review's col
umns. Not only was The Review's
"quality circulation" in the Warrien
district exemplified by the crowd
that turned out to patronize the
market, but its wide circulation
throughout the county was shown
by the attendance of farmers and
ranchers from all over the Sulphur
Safford. More than a thousand
away as he San Pedro valley and
safford. More xhan a t isand
shoppers visited the maic be
tween 8 and 10 o'clock a. m. and
the crowds kept dropping in all
day. It was another signal suc
cess for newspaper advertising in
general and for the Bisbee Review
in particular.
PALMER CALLS
10 SENATORS
S
Attorney General Hits Back
At Frelinghuysen and Calder
Who Held Up Confirmation
Of His Cabinet Appointment
WASHINGTON, Aug. 30. A Mlt-
ri
v-ncii rauiier, wnose nomination as
attorn iy general was confirmed yes
terday by the senate, came hack vie-
.orousjy today at Senator Frellng-
nuysen, Republican, New Jersey,
leaaer or the forces in the senate
Winch had for a number of weeks
held up confirmation of the nomina
tion. Charging that Mr. Frelinghuysen
was constantly active in behalf of
German property owners in the
United States during the war and at
tempted to influence legislation
wnich would affect adversely com
panies in which he personally was
interested financially, the attorney
general gave a detailed account of al
leged activities of the New Jersey
senator while this country was at
war with Germany.
' "No American interest has asked
for. any investigation of the alien
property custodian," Mr. Palmer de
clared. . "No American interest is
complaining. The Germans are com
plaining very severely. . Senators
Frelinghyusen and Calder are pleas
ing Germany in this business. They
have received special mention by the
German foreign office for their activ
ities which German hopes may re
sult in the Germans getting all their
property back.
Actors Strike To Be
Settled In Ten Days
NEW YORK, Aug. 30. Settlement
of the actors' strike within ten days
on terms which appeared on their
face to be a victory for the actors'
equity association, was predicted to
night by George M. Cohan, at a
meeting of the recently organized Ac
tors' Fidelity asosciation.
Mr. Cohan announced the Produc
ing Managers' Protective association
had offered a contract with an arbK
tration clause providing that in cases
of disputes the actor "may be repre
sented before the board by any as
sociation." The chief point of contention In the
strike had been refusal of the man
agers to recognize the Actors' Equity
association.
Sister Champ Clark
Dies In California
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. Aug. 30. Mrs.
Elizabeth Clark Haley, only sister of
Champ Clark former speaker of the
house of represtntatives, died here
sudden1 y tonight. She was 67 years
old aci was born in Anderson, Ky.
Her husband, the Rev. J. J. Haley, is
a widflv known minister of the Chris
tian rhurch and i a lecturer and writ
er on leligious .uhjects.
PERSHING QUITS PARIS TONIGHT
PARIS. Aug. 30. General Pershinp
will leave Paris from Brest Sunday
evening, sailing on the Leviathan on
September 1.
0
GERMAN
RACE
STREETS OF KNDXVILLE SWEPT BY
MACHINE GUN FIRE AS GUARDSMEN
TAKE RAN
0 IN BLOODY
Rioting Follows Storming of Jail by Baffled Mob In Guest
Of Negro Accused of Woman's Murder; Fighting Still In
Progress at 1:30 This Morning, Impossible to Estimate the
Number of Dead; Motorists Spread Battle to Chattanooga
KXOXVILLE, Trim., Aug. 31. After the stoi
of the Knox County jail Saturday night by a mob bent on
leaching Maurice Mayes, a negro arrested early in the day
in connection with the murder of Mrs. Bertie Lindsey, a
race riot of serious proportion broke out in Knoxville
early today.
Soldiers of the Fourth Tennessee Xational Guard
turned a machine-gun on a crowd of armed negroes at
Vine and Central avenues after a battle between whites
and negroes 'in which two negroes, were killed. Four ne
groes fell under the machine-gun fire. Firing was con
tinuing at 130 and it was impossible to tell how manv
have been killed or wounded. Seven men, all white, are
wounded in local hospitals as the rekilt of the trouble at
the jail and subsequent rioting.
Lieutenant James W. Payne, of Providence, Kv., reg
ular army instructor, and Private Henderson, both of the
machine gun corps, Fourth
were killed at 12:30 a. m. It is said both were slain bv
mistake by bullets from their own command. All hard
ware stores and pawn shops have been looted to secure
arms.
Five motor trucks loaded with members of the mob
left Knoxville with the announced purpose of going to
Chattanooga, to which city the negro, accused of shooting
to death a white woman here early yesterday had been
taken before the crowd began gathering about the jail.
The know dead are :
. Lieutenant James W. Pavne, and Henderson.
white, and Jim Ilenson,- negro, and" two unidentified
negroes.
The more seriously wounded are :
Police James Benson, Deputv. Sheriff Clowers. Po
liceman W. P. Morton, Gid Thomas, E. B. Henderson,
Fred Johnson and W. B. Clapp, all white. It is known
that a number of negroes were wounded and probablv at
least several more killed, but as the rioting continues with
such heat it is impossible to get names or make an accurate
estimate.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3). Train
service on the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe and Salt Lake routes, which
lias been virtually paralyzed during
the pa-.t week as a result of the strike
of trainmen and yardmen and which
was resumed this morning when the
strikers returned to work, was fast
approaching normal tonight, officials
of the thre roads announced.
Trains were dispatched on schedule
today for points to the east, north,
and South and the embargo on freight
wnicn was placed in erred soon after
the strike was called, was lilted.
Hiram Johnson Is To
WASHINGTON. Aug. 30. Republi
can senate leaders discussed nlans for
sending speakers behind President Wil-
on on his tour of the west next month
in the interest of the peace treaty, but
final details were not decided upon.
Senator Johnson. Republican, Cali
fornia, probably will be the principal
speaker and the proposal under con
sideration is to have a special car
HANOVER, Prussia. Aug. 30
(By tl-e Associated Press.) Ad
dressing a large delegation of stu
dent serenading him on the oc
casion of the fifth anniversary of
the irattle of Tannenberg, Field
Marshal von Hlndenburg said:
"If. five years ag6, I was permit
ted to win a brilliant victory. It
was due to the dispensation of
providence and the spirit of the
troops 'assigned me. We must
hold on to this spirit in the sad
HAIL SITUATION NEARIN6 NORMAL
MILITARISM URGED By HINDENDURG
n
tJfla
im
RAGE RIOT
Tennessee Xational Guard
: '7
Wit'i the strike on the steam lines
settled, public, officials and labor lead
ers tavned, attention to the Pacific
Electric and Los Angeles street rail
way strikes situation The walkout
of conductors and motormen on these
lines precipitated the strike of steam
road tralnmeri.
It w?is intimated that A. F. Whitney,
international vice president of tnw
brotherhood of railway trainmen,
would endeavor to obtain a conference
with officials of the Pacific Electric
compaay to place grievances of the
striking trainmen before them.
Be Wilson Trailer
cover the same territory that the pres
ident does with the Republicans speak
ing in many of the same cities a few
days A:er the president
In reparation for the task before
him. President Wilson has been ad
vised y Rear Admiral Cary T. Gray
son, his physician, to give most of his
time before Wednesday to recreation
and revt.
days which are now overcoming
us; we must not lose courage be
cause the pariahs of society and
helots are our enemies.
"Wa must again become that
whicH we once were, when in ver
sallies the new German empire
was proclaimed, I being among
those permitted to Join in the first
three cheers for the emperor.
"Thn spirit of those days must
not be lost to us, in these days o
laxit and falseness. PI6E !Uv70
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SUNDAY, AUGUST 31, 1919.
.1
ADITS LABOR
SPURNED LOCAL
.1,1. STRIKE
(Continued From Page One)
being jointly tried. When McCoy
was ca'.ied to the stand and asked to
name ike men whom he had seen
taking part in the activities he nam
ed twenty-two Bisbee residents, in
cluding Sheriff Harry W. Wheeler and
Mayor Jacob Erickson. He was ask
ed to step among the defendants and
identify Mayor Erickson. After
walking by the Bisbee mayor four
times and carefully looking into the
faces of the other defendants, Mc
Coy sad that, to the best of his
knowledge the mayor was not pres
ent. "
Same Old Tame Recital.
McCoy's testimony against the
men he named was far from being
exciting The majority of them he
had seen at Warren park, but could
not tell just what they were doing
other than that they were "running
around just like the rest of 'em.
McCoy testified that the several
deputy sheriffs and police officers he
had seen carried six-shooters in their
belts. Other defendants whom he
named, he admitted, he did not know
whether they were &rmed or not and
did not see them do anything, but
"supposed" they were guarding the
deportees or that "it seemed like
they were doing so.
On examination by the county at
torney McCoy told of having seen a
"gunman hit a woman," but on cross
examination by counsel for detenu
ants, be said the incident took place
at a considerable distance away from
him and he did not know who the
principals in the alfair-or to what
extent, if any, the woman had been
inlured. He also said he had seen
guards cn the train carrying the de
ported men to Columbus, N. Mex.,
shoot five or six times at a Mexican
who jumped off the train. McCoy
did not know who the principals in
this incident were either. '":
No Court on Monday.
I.'radley Thompson, the last wit
ness called by the state, testified to
having seen H. Finotti, he said,
armed, at the ball park before the
men were deported. Finotti, he said,
was one of the guards. Thompson
paid that he. too, had joined the I.
W. W. during the Bisbee trouble
ami had taken part in the 'strike up
to the time of the deportations.
At the conclusion of the session
this afternoon Justhe W. C, Jack
adjourned court until 1 o'clock Tues
day afternoon.
MEXICAN OIL STOCKS SOAR,
MEXICO CITY, Mex., Aug. --.SOy--A'
spectacular rise in Mexican oil com
panies' stocks dealt in on the local
exchange has been the feature of the
dealings this week. The increase ,in
som cases has ben 40 pr cnl. Finan
cial writrs of the Mexican city pa
pers say the bull movement was due
in part to the public confidence in
future favorable oil legislation.
FRANCE IS STRONG .
AFTER PROFITEERS
PARIS. Cheap fixed-price restaur
ants are to be established by the
French government, and surplus war
food stocks will be placed at the dis
posal of the public through co-operative
societies. Steps will be taken to
suppress illicit speculation. A bill to
be introduced increases the penalties
and deprives the offenders of all civil
and political rights, while at the same
time providing for the temporary or
permanent closing of their establishments.
FIGHT JAPANESE
WITH INDUSTRY
PEKIN. While diplomats, secret
service men and general observers
have been predicting an early war be
tween China and Japan, the anciently
wise Chinaman goes about his busi
ness preparing what he believes will
ultimately be far more effective than
a gun. An inventory has been taken
of all goods Imported from Japan, and
Chinese capitalists are, establishing
factories to substitute all these ar
ticles with "made in China" products.
OIL NOTES
There Is no foundation for reports
of trouble at the Ocean well, accord
ing to Dunbar and Company,, agents
here, who were in telephonic com
munication with the company yesterday.
According to a wire received by
Mike Cassidy from the oil fields yesterday,-
Southwestern Oil Is well
past the 3,000 foot mark in their
drilling.
Checks have arrived in Bisbee for
stockholders in the General Oil
company on the dividend recently declared.
TEA A LA STEAM ROLLER.
HITCHIN. ENG. There was no
way to boil the water for the chil
dren's Peace tea held here. So the
city's steam roller was commandeered
for the purpose.
Sees War Ahead
VA y4A- J :
Bradley company, No. 3, well is
drilling at 1,200 feet.
Ltatest reports from the Desdemona
field show the best producers to be
north and west, showing that the
Desdemona field and the Ranger field
may meet
STAND FDR SOLID i
21
AIRIDAMIS
AVOWED BYELKS
Daily pipe line runs in the Wichita
Falls district have passed the 104,000
harrel mark azain. Burkburnett's
daily Average test week was 92,000-
barrels which is considerable in
crease over the previous .week.
Emma Terrell, No. 13 of the Prairie
Oil and- Gas company at Ranger, is
a 300-barrel well. The depth yester
day was 3,446 feet.
Comanche compkny. No. 2, is pre
paring to set a six-inch casting at
2628 feet and shut down digging.
They expect to drill in - about Mon-
day.; - ; , :
Bay City Oil and Gas No. 1, Mrs.
lou-io nmithenst enrner of Rlchard-
son survey, is gassing and flowing
some on imo me , sigragu iauo.
Th Polest well, situated 500 feet
southee&t of Wood No. 1, of the
Southwestern- Oil md Development
company, was brought in yesterday.
TKU is & well of 7.500 barrels. A
large numberd of Bisbee . people f t
interested in the project, wooa xso.
1 is down 3,000 feet. Drilling on
Wood No. 2 will start soon with J-
W. Barkwell in charge of the drilling.
Mr. Barkwell Is the former Bisbee
man who did most of the drilling
work on Qicramento hill.
Departing Girls Are
Motif fs At Dance
Miss Helen Allison was hostess Fri
day evening :t an enjoyable dancing
party iven-at the Woman's club in
honor of the Misses Mildred Robinson,
Alice Wilson and Margaret Sealey,
Vho will go awav to school next week.
The 'ooms wore decorated with a
yellow und white color scheme, dai
ties being used in profusion- in the
dancing hall. Tie programs were al
so in yllow an'i white. Delicious re
freshments were served and dancing
contin-ied until midnight.
Assisting Miss Allison were the
Mesdanies Pierce Wilson, W. A. Rob
inson, Harry Sealey and James Alli
son. The guest3 included:
Misses Ethel Werner, Inez Gill
Frances Smith, Lassie Campbell,
Gladys Wagner, Margaret and Helen
Malle., Helen McDonald, Pearl Lam
phere, Helen Hoesch, Adge Cagle, Ni
na Stevens. Willie Wheeler. Madeline
Hankin, Charlotte. Sealey, Blanche and
BernI '.t Robinson and the Messrs.
Georv King, Archie Kreloff.i. Ernie
Johnsoa, Earl Warren, Clarence Mal
ley, Elmer Hoesch, Elwood Porter,
Robert Becker, Gerard Downes, Joe
Kobejr, Leonard Smith, George Lam
phere, George Rafferty, Winston
Moore end Earl Twoomey.
WHITE FEATHERS HINT TO QUIT
. MANCHESTER, ENG. Women
working on the street cars, in engi
neering shops and groceries, receive
white feathers by mail. They immed
iately quit work. It was a hint sent
them by ex-soldiers who couldn't get
back their former jobs because women
had taken their places.
American cheese is being imported
into Switzerland.
FREE TO
ASTHMA J5UFFERERS
A New Home Method Ytiat Anyone
Can Use Without Discomfort
or Loss of Time
We have a new method that con
trols. Asthma, and we want you to try
it at our expense. No matter whether
your case is of long standing or re
cent development, whether it is pres
ent as Hay Fever or chronic Asthma,
you should send for a free trial of
our method. No matter in what cli
mate you live, no matter what your
age or occupation, if you are troubled
with asthma, our method should re
lieve you promptly.
We especially want to send it to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, ' "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our expense, that
this new method is designed to end
all difficult breathing, all wheezing,
and all those terrible paroxysms at
once.
This free offer is too important to
neglect a single day. Write now and
becin the method at once. Send no
money, simply mail coupon below. Do
it Today.
WASHINGTON If the Shantung
clause is retained in the peace treaty,
Millard told the Senate Foreign Rela
tions Committee, the United States
will be at war with Japan in ten
years. Millard was adviser to the
Thince delegation at the ieace con
ference and has lived 20 yean in
China.
The Elks have solidly placed them
selves as an organization on a plat
form of 100 per cent Americanism for
all time.
Resolutions passed at the recent
convention of the grand lodge at At
lantic City recommend thVit every in
itiate be required to recite "The
American's Creed". They specifical
ly condemn any support to Bolshevik,
anarchistic or I. W. W. doctrine by
any member or prospective member
of the order.
Copies of the resolutions, just re
ceived in Bisbee, have been attested
by E. B. Mathews, Exalted Ruler, and
C. W. Hicks, secretary of Numbr 671.
The resolutions follow:
RESOLUTION.
WHEREAS, the American Flag Is
the emblem of our free government.
wherein rights of persons and prop
erty are forever guaranteed Dy writ
ten constitution, and there appears
to be a world-wide movement to sub
vert and destroy these riehts bv cer
tain organizations and individuals
throueh actions and- Dronapanda In
imical to our free American ebvern-
ment and dangerous to our instltu
tions: and -
WHEREAS, the Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks is distnetly
American, advocating and supporting
the constitution and flag of our coun
try, and condemning iall things and
all persons that are in any degree,
or in any manner opposed thereto;
NOW THEREFORE, PE IT RE
SOLVED that the Grand Lodge of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks, in , annual session assembled'
does hereby pledge this Order to use
all lawful means to check and pre
vent the extension of tne dangerous
doctrines that threaten our free insti
tutions and our flag, and that no per
son sha'1 be permitted to join or re
main in our Order who openly, or
covertly, directly or Indirectly, gives
aid, comfort, or support to the doc
trines practices, or purposes of the
Bolshevik!, Anarchistis. the I. W. W.
or kindred organ i7fttion3. or who does
not give undivided allegiance -to our
Flag and the great principles of con
stitutional free government of which
it is the emblem.
I hereby certify that the above is a
correct copy of a Resolution unani
mously adopted by the Grand Lodge,
at its fifty-fifth session, held in At
lantic City, N. J.. July 9. 1919
BRUCE A. CAMPBELL.
Attest: Grtand Exalted Ruler.
FRED ROBINSON, , -Grand
Secretary.
Attested '
E. B. MATHEWS. Exalted Ruler.
C. W. HICKS; Secretary.
' Bisbee Lodge No. 671.
RESOLUTION.
WHEREAS the "American's Creed"
which has been accepted by the Na-,
tional Publicity Committee on behalf
of the United States," contains with
in itself expressions of patriotism
and loyalty, which cannot help but
inspire every true Americlan citizen,
and
W'lEREAS, members of the Bene
volent and Protective Order -of Elks
should be ever ready to exemplify
the principles set forth in said "Amer
ican's Creed," which is as follows:
I believe in the United - States of
America as a Government of the peo
ple, by the people, for the .people;
vrhose just powers are derived from
the consent of the governed; a demo
cracy in a republic; a sovereign na
tion of many sovereign States; a per
lect union, one and inseparable; es
tabi'sned upon those principles of
freedom, equality, jfustice, and hu
manity fcr which American patriots
sacrificed their lives and iortunes.
I therefore believe it is my duty
to my country to love it; to support
its Constitution; to obey its laws; to
respect its Flag; and to defend It
against tall enemies.
RESOLVED: That the recom
mendation of Ihe Grand Exalted Rul
er that the said "American's Creed"
receive the approval of the Grand
Lodge, be adopted; and further be it
RESOLVED:. - that the incoming
Grand Exialted Ruler be empowered,
if in his Judgment it is deemed ex
pedient, to suggest to Subordinate
Lodges that members and initiates
on the night of initiation subscribe
to said creed in unison following its
reading by the Exalted Ruler of the
Lodge.
I hereby certify that the above is
a correct copy of a Resolution unani
mously adopted by the Grand Lodge,
at its fifty-fifth session, held in At
lantic City, N. J., July 10. 1919.
BRUCE A. CAMPBELL,
Atte3t: Grand Exalted Ruler.
Fred C. ROBINSON.
Grand Secretary.
Attested:
E. B. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler.
C. W. HICKS, Secretary. .
Bisbee Lodge No. 671.
HAS LARGEST SHADE
TREE IN COUNTRY
WORTHINGTOX. 1ml. The largest
shade tree in the United States has
been found in this city. It Is a giant
sycamore. 44 feet 6 inches in circum
ference near the ground'and 150 feet
high.
I
FREE TRIAL COUPON
HitOKTIKR ASTHMA CO . I:ooin 185.
vi.". -a n-' Hudson Srei.
Buffalo. N. Y.
Pend fi-s tr'l of your nih.xl to:
Bladdar
Disorders
0n r n
ate
Tn)TTr
Profit
INVADER OIL 4. REFINING COMPANY
This Company was organized about two years ago at Muskogee,
Okla. If began business with a paid-up capital of $60,000.00 and a
40-acre lease, on which there were four producing wells. The growth
- of the Company from that small beginning ,has been phonomenal.
Under capable, aggressive and experienced management it prospered
from the first. This is what it has accomplished in two short years.
The company now has more than 25,000 acres of carefully selected
leases in the best oil fields of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. It also
has
' .' FIFTY-THREE PRODUCING WELLS
' Ths INVADER COMPANY has maintained a most aggressive
drilling policy from the start. As a result the Company now has 53
producing wells, with 8 additional wells now drilling.
The policy of the Company has been to drill without ceasing to
keep the drills pounding away continuously day and night. This
policy, accounts for the wonderful success the Company as achieved.
This is the ONLY sure way that a really, big and successful oil-producing
Company can be built up.
PAID THIRTY-FOUR CASH DIVIDENDS
The INVADER COMPANY, though only two years old, has al
ready paid to its Stockholders 34 Cash Dividends, and another Divi
. dend will be paid the first of next month. These Dividends have all
been pp-id out of the Company's earnings. A Cash Dividend has been
paid evtry month with more extra dividends. While paying these
Dividends the Company has grown rapidly and -steadily on a solid
foundation,; until the INVADER COMPANY today towera far above
many of the older companies.
INVADER OrL & REFINING COMPANY OF TEXAS
The INVADER OIL & REFINING COMPANY. OF TEXAS was
recently organized by the officers of the Invader Oil & Refining Com
pany -of Oklahoma. The same- men who have so successfully man
aged -the Invader Company of Oklahoma are at the head of, and in full
charge ot the Invader Company of Texas.
The INVADER COMPANY OF TEXAS has an authorized capital
of $300,000.. The men who have made such a big. successful and pro
fitable company of the INVADER COMPANY OF' OKLAHOMA are
maki-.is the INVADER COMPANY OF TEXAS even more successful.
The epportunities are so great in Texas and the wells come in so
large, that the, INVADER COMPANY OF TEXAS is growing much
t faster than did the INVADER COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA.
20,000 ACRES OF TEXAS LEASES
v We bought many desirable leases in the Texas fields months ago
when these fields were first discovered. We now have more than
20.000 acres of Texas leases. Our properties were chosen with care
' we have, leases in the most promising fields. It is the policy of our
- Company ioracquire only the. best Properties. We- have close-in, '-"
proven acreage. ; We have leases in the best fields, right up against
, the big wells, where we are certain of bringing in big producers.
" ' PROPERTIES IN RANGER FIELD
We have a fine lease in this famous field the Sue Lease. This
Property is situated in the most productive part of this wonderful
field." It Is .surrounded by many of the largest gushers in America.
These wells5 are located near us notice their approximate location
and repcrte4 production:
The Humble Gusher, 5.000 barrels, 1,500 feet southeast of us. . .
The Te Rickard Gusher, 3,500 barrels, 800 feet northeast ol us. .
'The Weed Gusher, 3,000 barrels, 500 feet west of us.
The Harris Gusher.3,000 barrels, 2,000 feet east of us.
The Scolt Gusher, 3,000 barrels, 2,000 feet south of us.
- The Norwood Gusher, 10000 barrels, a mile northeast of us.
The Cornellee Gusher, 6,000 barrels, a mile northeast of us.
The Perkins Gusher, 9,000 barrels, northwest of us.
" FIRST WELL NEARLY COMPLETED
We began drilling our first well on this Sue lease more than -si
weeks ago. It is now drilling below 3,300 feet and we expect to com
plete it in the next ten days. - The drillers are working day and night
we are rushing the completion of this well with all possible speed
wo "are practically certain of bringing in an enormous gusher.
THINK what it will mean to our company and to our Stockholders to
. get a 5,000 barrel or a 10.000 barrel gusher on this property.
DRILLING ON WILM LEASE
We are also drilling below 1,500 feet on our big Wilm Lease
this is a great Property of 412 acres, and the indications are most
favorable for the bringing in of another big well here. Should this--well
eomo in a big producer, this one Property will be worth millions.
THE FAMOUS NORTHWEST BURKBURNETT EXTENSION
This is the most prolific, the most wonderful, the most profitable
and the most remarkable oil field in the entire world. Texas has
some amazing oil fields. The field of Ranger, though only a few
months old, is already famous throughout the world. Yet that field
cannX approach or compare with the iar greater field, the North
west Bmkbwnett Extension.
A WONDERFUL OIL PROPERTY
We have secured at an enormous cost, a tremendously valuable
-and remarkably well-located Property in this Pool. This Property is
locared among, and surrounded by the BIGGEST GUSHERS in the
field. ';
2,500 BARREL WELL NEAR US! 3,000 BARREL WELL CLOSE
TO USr 5.0C.0 TO 7,000 BARREL GUSHERS CROWD US!
Nearly all of the Big Gushers in this field are within a mile of
our Property, while many, of them are only a few hundred feet dis
tant. Our "lease is sandwiched in between these remarkable and
famous Gushers the United, the Golden Cycle, Thrift No. 2 Thrift
No. :!, King Eight. Texas Chief, Burk-Waggoner. and the Gray Gan
der. The Willow Bloom gusher has just come in directly across the
road frtim our Property, with a reported production of 2,500 barrels.
The British-American Gusher, reported good for more than 2,000 bar
rels, came in last Thursday, 400 feet north of us. The Sinclair Com
pany has two wells on the sand waiting for pipe line connections,
200 feci east of us. You accordingly tee that this property Is sur
rounded by big gushers on the east, the south, the west and on the
north. -
The great TEXAS CHIEF GUSHER is located only a short dis
t.in',e northwest of our Property. This well cam? in with a reported
prciuction of 7.000 barrels and with the oil spouting 40 feet above
the top of the derrick. A short distance south of us is the UNITED
GUSHER which recently came in with a reported production of 3.000
barrels daily.
OUR PROPERTY IN BLOCK 89
Wn hnve refused an offer of $2,000,000.00 for this 5 acre lease. The
of Block 89. It lays in the center IN THE VERY HEART of a mile
circle hhh takes in ALL TIJE FAMOUS GUSHERS in this most
tcniarkeh'e field. It is. surrounded. by :i veritable forest of Gushers,
dri'lfn el!s. enormcus oil tanks and derricks. On every side der
ricks cro ttoing up over night .ind actual drilling startd just us fast
as ihe drilling machinery can be rushed in and started to work.
LEASES BRING TREMENDOUS PRICES
We Have refused an offer of $2,000,000. for this 5 acre lease. The
Sinclair Company last week purchased a lease immediately adjoin
ing cur Property on the east, for which they paid $400,000.00. The
Livingston Company announce the purchase of a 10-acre lease in this
field for $110,000.00. The Munger-Verschoyle interest announced on
Monday the sale of a 5-acre lease near us for $550,000.00.
A few hundred feet west of us the great GRAY GANDER
GUSHER has just come in with a reported production of 3,000 bar
rels daily. It is reported that the 5-acre tract on which it is located
sold for $800,000.00. This gives you some idea of the ENORMOUS
VALUE of our lease. We feel absolutely certain that every well
drilled on this great Property will come in at from 2,000 barrels to
3,000 barrels daily production. ,
FIRST WELL ALREADY DRILLING
Our first well is now drilling below 900 feet on this Property.
We paid $20,000 cash for a rotary drilling outfit to develop these
Properties. Our derrick was quickly erected, our tools moved in and
actual drilling started without delay. We have Installed an electric
lighting system to facilitate drilling at night. We have built our
own bunk houses and commissary so that our men can stay right on
the ground and lose no time. We expect to complete this first well
in 20 days.
ENORMOUS PROFITS FROM THIS PROPERTY
Figure for yourself what our daily earnings will be when we
have completed five big 3.000 barrel producers on this tract. Bear in
mind that this oil is worth $2.50 per barrel. Also what will this ono
Property then be worth. Now you understand WHY we have advised
you to immediately purchase all the stock you can afford while you
can get it at our SPECIAL OPENING PRICE of 5 cents per share.
Surely you see that this stock is certain to soon advance tremendous
ly in value.
WE OWN LEASES IN OTHER FIELDS
In addition to our leases in Eastland, Wichita, Comanche,, and
Bosque Counties, we own leases in Erath, Hamilton. McCulloch. Cole
man, Montague and Baylor Counties. It is our policy to go into the
most promising fields and select a good lease near a drilling well.
In this manner we get leases that offer a tremendous opportunity
for profit Leases bought near these wells can be had for $25 to $75
per acre, and in a few weeks may be easily worth $500 or even
1,000 per acre.
EXPERIENCED AND SUCCESSFUL OIL MEN
Wc have had many years of experience in the oil business. We
understand the oil business thoroughly. We have a complete or
ganization men who are experts in every department of the busi
ness, bou cannot find a more competent, more experienced, or more
reliabk). oiL organization in the-country todaj'. , ... i .
. A SAFE RELIABLE COMPANY - .
This Company is thoroughly reliable. Our officers are men of
the strictest integrity. You take no risk in investing in this Com
pany. We urge you to investigate us carefully find out for yourself
whether or not we are' worthy of your confidence. We give you the
following references:
OUR REFERENCES
First National Bank. Fort Worth, Texas.
National Bank of Commerce, Wichita Falls, Texas.
Brndst reefs Commercial Agency, Fort Worth. Texas,
hxchange National Bank, Muskogee, Oklahoma.
Commercial National Bank, Muskogee, Oklahoma.
Central State Bank, Muskogee, Oklahoma,
l'radstreet's Commercial Agency, Muskogee, Oklahoma.
First National Bank, Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Urauslreet's Commercial Agency, Tulsa, Oklahoma.
SPECIAL OPENING PRICE 5c A SHARE
You can buy this stock now at
5 cents
shares cost $1,250 cash,
shares cost $1,000 cash,
2000
20,009
10.000
5,000
3.U00
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
shares cost
shares cost
shares cost
shares cost
shares cost
shares cost
shares cost
shares cost
500 cash,
250 cash,
150 cash,
125 cash,
100 cash,
75 cash,
50 cash,
25 cash,
our SPECIAL OPENING PRICE of
per share.
or $250 cash and $250 per
or $200 cash and $200 per
or $100 cash and $100 per
or
or
or
or
or
or
or
50 cash and
30 cash and
25 cash and
20 cash and
15 cash and
10 cash and
5 cash and $ 5
50 per
30 per
25 per
20 per
15 per
10 per
per
month,
month,
month.
month,
month,
mouth,
month,
month,
month,
month.
NO SUBSCRIPTION ACCEPTED FOR LESS THAN 500 SHARES
C?t all the facts send today for our large folder containing maps
of the Texas oil fields numerous pictures and full information. ALL
FREE. Don't delay write today! -
. WARNING IMPORTANT NOTICE
We reserve the right to advance the price of this stock WITH
OUT NOTICE and this will soon be done. We are drilling three wells
now W3 are drilling in the greatest Gusher Territory in the world.
We do not know how soon one of these wells will reach the sand and
send the oil spouting over the top of the derrick in a mighty stream.
When that time comes it will be too late then YOUR Opportunity
to purchase this Stock at 5 cents per share will be gone and GONE
FOREVER!
BUY YOUR SHARES NOW
Use the application blank Coupon No. 1 below. Fill in the
number of shares you want and mail it with your remittance. Should
the price advance before your application reaches us, we will prompt
ly return your remittance to you. To avoid disappoiatment send
your application today.
THE INVADER COMPANY OF TEXAS, COUPON NO. 2
312 Texas State Bank Building,
Fort Worth, Texas.
Please send me your large folders containing maps of the Texas
Oil Fieldb, numerous pictures and complete information. ALL FREE.
Name
Address .r .'.
( Please write plaiuly)
THE INVADER COMPANY OF TEXAS, COUPON NO. 1
:M2 Texas State Bank Building,
Fort Worth. Texas.
Enclosed find my remittance for
in full r,i.yment for )
in pan raynient for) Shares of stock
In your company. I agree to pay the balance (if any) in four, equal
monthly payments. Shares 5 cents' each. No ! application : accepted
for less t hail 500 shares.' '!
Name
Additss '. '
(Please write plainly)
I
I
! STTNDAT, AUGUST 31, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
THOUSANDS VISIT FIRST DISTRICT
MUNICIPAL IMRKETAT LOWELL;
TO BE MADE PERMANENT FEATURE
First Experintent Under Auspice of American Legion and the
Citv Councif Such Unaualified Success That Its Future
Is Assured; To Be Held Every Wednesday and Saturday
1,000 Visit Market In FirstTwo Hours; Farmers Swamped
MDONAE
HI
IFJL
Ey
The Warren district's first experi
ment 'with a municipal market pr.oved
such an unqualified success yesterday
that It promises to become a perma
nent affair, with a roofed building,
screened stalls and erven a small re
frigerating plant vhare fanners can
dispose of their meats and poultry.
The market, under the auspices of
the city council and the American
Legion, opened promptly at b o'clock
yesterday morning on the site of the
old Central theatre In Lowell and was
soon besieged by a smal army of
housewives, maids and even men of
the house who like to take a hand in
the family shopping. At least 1000
persons visited the market and made
purchases during the day, with the re
sult that many farmers made hurry
up trips back to the ranches to bring
in more supplies. ; ,
Open Again Next Wednesday
The greatest rush was between 9
and 10 o'clock in the morning. The
customers found a fine assortment of
fresh produce at greatly reduced prices
and proceeded to shop on an exten
sive scale. The market hereafter will
be held each Wednesday and Saturday
and the farmers, who were as well
pleased with the experiment .as the
customers, have promised to bring in
a greater supply and variety of pro
duce next time.
Twenty-two truck loads of produce
were disposed of yesterday, netting
the farmers around $600. Three or
four times as much could have been
disposed of had the farmers brought
in more garden "truck", such as beans,
onions, corn, etc. , About 80 per cent
of the produce for sale was water
melons and cantelopes. These, how
ever, found a ready sale.
Hundreds of people were disap
pointed in coming too late to the mar
ket and finding the vegetables they
wanted all gone. The fanners have
promised that on next Wednesday
morning they will bring in a full as
sortment of garden produce, including
eggs, butter and chickens.
Load of Chickens Waylaid
F. H. Spauldlng of McNedl brought
in a load of chickens but was waylaid
by women purchasers before he
reached his stall and was completely
sold out in less than five minutes. He
sold the chickens at 80 cents each
regardless of weight.
Dan Cameron of El Fria, while
cranking his Ford and maneuvering it
into place, lost his wallet containing
$25 and some valuable papers. An
honest citizen of Warren, wio picked
it up returned it to him a few min
utes later.
Practically all of the farmers were
from the Sulphur Springs valley, al
though some came from a consider
able distance. Arthur Garcia brought
in a load of produce, from Safford and
J. E. Logan brought ud several loads
from the San Pedro valley. G. J. Kinv
brough, whose place is near McNeal
disposed of three carloads of melons,
Tomatoes Kidnaped En Route
One farmer who was bringing in a
fine load of tomatoes was intercepted
by a green store proprietor before he
could get to his stall and got such a
tempting offer for the tomatoes that
he sold them on the spot.
The market was under the direct
supervision of Robert H. Dickson of
the American Legion. The market
committee consists of Dan Angius,
Harley Cox and one other to be ap
pointed by the city council.
Prices Take Tumble
It was a notable fact that the open
ing cf the market brought a sharp re
duction in prices at the stores and
fruit 6tands but this did not stop the
trade at the city market. The market
prices for cantelopes ranged from 40
cents to $1.50 a dozen, according to
size, watermelons from 1 1-2 cents to
2 cents a pound, according to quality,
sweet corn, 35 cent3 a dozen ears;
field corn, 40 cents a dozen; chickens,
40 cents a pound; eggs, 70 cents a
dozen, and butter, 65 cents a pound,
The farmers gave long rather than
short weight and many patrons who
paid for 15-pound melons would find
on weighing it at home that it would
go 17 or 18 pounds.
245 GITIESTO
V BUILDINGS
' FOR 11 VETS
Statistics iust made public by the
Bureau of Memorial Building of Wan
Camp Community Service show that
254 communities in the United States
have decided to erect buildings in
memory of their men who served in
the war. Of the memorial buildings
to be raised, 132 will take the form
of community houses, each to func
tion as a free recreation and social
center. Six of the strictures will be
municipal office buildings.
More than 700 American communi
ties now are considering the putting
tip of memorial buildings intead "of
shafts or monuments, the Bureau of
Memorial Buildings also announce.
It is crusading through the United
States for the community building
type of memorial. Such an instltu-!
tion, the Bureau heads maintain, is
a lively influence in every communi
ty and serves constantly as a remind
er of the men the community gave
to the national fighting forces.
Additional figures concerning the
254 memorial buildings already decid
ed upon, show that fourteeen of them
will serve as state memorials and
that forty-four of them will be of the
auditorium type. These will Have bo
cial and recreational facilities in addi
tion to large meeting halls, and. for
the most part, will be in larger cities.
Other memorials will take the form of
hospitals, libraries, school buildings
and church work centers.
ARIZONA
Battery Service Is 1
Boon To Motorists
At the Cochise Motor " company on
Main street the motorist may have
his battery inspected, free of charge.
This Inspection is a great conveni
ence to the motorist because it re
lieves him of all worry over the con
dition of his battery. The inspection
consists chiefly of the hydrometer
test. The hydrometer is a little in
strument that measures accurately
the charge of a battery. The Co
chise Motor company also supplies
free distilled water when It makes
its Inspection. This service station
Is the official service station of the
Philadelphia Diamond Grid Battery,
the battery thar is built on the
theory of the angle brace; like the
fighting mast of a battleship, or a
derrick of a traveling crane, or a
trestle. The result is a battery
whose plates do not buckle nor lose
their active material. This battery
Js guaranteed for eighteen months.
Adv.
Rainfall during the past week has
been scattered and too light in most
sections to affect the ranges. With
out exception reports on condition of
cattle are favorable. Pinto, however,
reports that the range is drying up
and rain, badly needed in that portion
of the state. The, fall roundups are
beginning in Cochise and Santa Cruz
counties. Ranges are poor in the cen
tral plains states, the northwest and
the Pacific coast states and arrange
ments are being made to ship in cattle
from some of these districts to the
Arizona ranges. It is too early to say
what proportions this movement will
assume.
Crop Progress in Arizona.
The fair, warm weather of the past
week has been a favorable one for
agricultural activity. In the Yuma
section early Bown maize is being har
vested, alfalfa seed threshing is in
full swing and cotton picking is in
progress. In the north central part
of the state bumper crops seem as
sured, oats, barley and rye looking es
pecially well. In the southwest earjy
sown erain sorehums will mature
rwithout more rain, but later plantings
need more moisture. Hay is being
cut in this section with rather a poor
yield though the quality is fair. In
that part of the state north of the
Colorado river hay, small grains and
fruit are reported in first class shape.
The washing out of the brush dam
by high water in the Gila is causing
a serious shortage of irrigation water
about Florence. In the Salt River
valley serious damage was done to
cotton between Mesa and Tempe by
high wind and hail Saturday night.
At least two thousand acres seem to
have suffered severely. Part of the
plants beaten down may recover and
a week or two must elapse before any
reliable estimate of the damage can
be made.
LE33 8UQAR IN GERMANY
BERLIN. The German sugar pro
duction for 1919 shows a decrease of
nearly 2,000.000 double centners, as
compared with 1918.
Says Chemist Is Pub
lic Benefactor
"Being a doctor, and suffering for
many years with stomach trouble, I
feel I ctnnot do justice to so great
a public benefactor in writing.
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy is every
thing you have claimed for it. I can
now eat and relish victuals I have
not dared to eat in many years. Am
feeling like newly born." It Is a
simple, harmless preparation that
removes the catarrhal mucus from
the intestinal tract and allays the in
testinal ailments, including appendi
citis. One dose will convince ' or
money refunded.- Adv.
POISONED BY 8HOT.
WASHINGTON. The bureau of bi
ological survey reports that wild
ducks die in large numbers from lead
poisoning caused by swallowing shot
picked up from the bottom.
Philadelphia 'Bear Cat' Avers
He Can Whip Chambers With
Fair Referee; Says Chambers
Was Favored By M'Donald
Frank Loughrety, the Philadelphia
"bear cat," who lost the decision, in
a 10-round bout with Russell Cham
bers of the first cavalry at Warren
August 22, wants another chance at
the battling soldier and has made a
proposition that looks as if he meant
business. Loughrey offers to take on
the man who won from him the other
night and on the basis of the winner
take all and a substantial side bet if
agreeable.
Loughrey waited a week after the
fight until he expressed his opinion
of the bout and even now is offering
no excuses. He made the flat charge
yesterday that Chambers is the "dirt
iest fighter he ever stepped Into the
ring with and that with another ref
eree as the third man in the 'ring
he can whip the cavalryman.
Loughrey declares that "Jack" Mc
Donald did "not give him a square
"shake" during the battle at Warren
and constantly warned him not to hit
in the breakaway. The Philadelphian
declares McDonald should have pen
emptorily forbidden Chambers to use
the "rabbit blow," a smash on the op
ponent's neck with the heel of the
hand while in the clinches. This
blow, Loughrey said, has been barred
everywhere, and yet Chambers used it
repeatedly without a reprimand from
McDonald.
."When I had Chambers on the
ropes." Loughrey said, "McDonald
would break us at once. But when
Chambers had me on the ropes wrest
ling me and trying to throw .me
through the ropes, McDonald said
never a word. McDonald kept con
stantly warning me not to hit on the
breakaway, but said never a word to
Chambers on the same subject and
anyone in the crowd knows that
Chambers constantly slugged on the
breakaway.
"It was my first appearance before
a Bisbee crowd and I did, my best to
fight a clean fight. I was afraid even
to protect myself as I should have
against Chambers' tactics because I
felt that McDonald was looking for a
chance to disqualify me. Several
times Chambers hit me low , and I do
not see how the referee could have
helped seeing it.
All I ask is another chance at
Chambers with another referee and to
show my confidence that I can whip
him I will fight winner take all and
put up a good side bet." '
A number of "fans" who saw the
Loughrey-Chambers battle want to
see the two' boys matched again, as
they believe the Philadelphia got the
worst of it and was entitled to a draw
at least. There has been some talk
of matching them at Douglas at the
camp for 15 rounds, but if this falls
through it is possible they may have
a return engagement here.
Y. W. C. A. Hostess
To Ex-Service Men
On Monday Evening
A large attendance is expected of
returned service men at the dance to
be given in their honor by the Y. W,
C. A. at Bisbee high school tomorrow
evening. Every former fighter of
Uncle Sam in the Warren district has
been invited to be present and all
who can are requested to wear their
uniforms.
As many who desire are requested
to brinsr a lady with them. There
will be partners for all, good refresh
ments, excellent music and a rousing
good time, the committee in charge
announces.
PORTLAND MAN
GAINS MBS
COLLINS SAYS EVERYBODY WHO
KNOWS HIM 18 TALKING ABOUT
HI8 IMPROVEMENT SINCE TAK
ING TAN LAC.
'Tanlac has made 'such a big im
provement in my condition that I feel
as well in every way now, as I ever
did in my life, and I have actually
gained thirty pounds since I com
menced taking it," said F. T. Collins,
who lives at 572 Bortwitch street,
Portland, Ore., a few days ago.
'I began to have indigestion about
three years ago," continued Mr. Col
lins, "and this condition Just kept on
getting worse all the time until it
finally became chronic. My stomach
was in such bad condition that every
thing I ate disagreed with me and
caused me to suffer afterward. Gas
often formed on my stomach, and I
would have the worst sort of cramp
ing spells, and sometimes I would be
so nauseated that I could not retain
what I ate. I also suffered with pains
in the small of my back, and if I
stooped over I could hardly straighten
up again. I was badly constipated all
the time, and would often have head
aches that would last for nearly a
week at a time. I finally got so weak
and run down that I had to give up
my Job. Then my nerves went back
on me and I never got a good night b
sleep after that. I tell you, I had Just
about reached the point where I was
a complete nervous wreck.
"I didn't think any medicine would
do me any good, but I thought I
would try Tanlac anyway, and to my
surprise I began to improve by . the
time I had finished my first bottle.
Well, from that time on I Just kept
getting better right along until I am
now as well and strong as I ever was.
I never haiWa better appetite, and can
eat Just anything I want without suf
fering afterward. I honestly believe
my stomach is in as good condition
as it ever was. The pain has left my
back, too. I am never constipated
now, and those awful headaches are a
thing of the past. My nerves are as
steady as a clock, and I get in eight
or nine hours good, restful sleep every
night. I have regained all my
strength, and have gained so much in
weight that everybody who knows me
is talking about it, I never lose a
chance to say a good word for Tan
lac." .
Tanlac is sold in' Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in
San Simon by J. B. Cook, in Willcox
by A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lo
well Drug company, In Benson by C.
F. Moss Pharmacy. In Gleeson by B.
A. Taylor, in Warren by Wanen
Pharmacy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor,
In Tombstone Dy Boyd's Drug store,
and in McNeal by McNeal Mercantile
company. Adv
NOTICE OF SALE.
Notice is hereby given that the
undersigned Administrator of the Es
tate of Rene . Vaernewyck, deceased,
will on or after the 15th day of Sep
tember, 1919, sell the interest of the
estate of the said deceased in the fol
lowing described property, to-wit, in
Cochise County, Arizona:
A portion of Lots Twelve (12),
Thirteen (13), Fourteen (14), Fit
teen (15), Sixteen (16), and Seven
teen (17), of Block Eighteen (18), of
the Townsite of Bisbee, more particu
larly described as follows:
Beginning at a point on the west
side of said Lot 13, Block 18, whence
the northwest corner of said Lot 13
bears N. 20 deg. 37 min. W. 27.30 ft.
and running thence N 47 deg. 40 min.
E. 95 ft.; thence N. 20 deg. 27 min.
W. 50 rt.; thence S. 47 deg. 49 min.
W. 95 ft.; thence S. 20 deg. 37 min. E.
50 ft. to the place of beginning.
. Said sale wiil be private and bids
or offers may be made in writing at
the office of Flanigan & Murry, At
torneys for said Administrator in the
Allen Block, Eisbee, Arizona.
The sale is made under the author
ity of an order of the Superior Court
of Cochise .County, Arizona, of date
August zs, 1919.
JOHN CARETTO
Administrator of the Estate of Rene
Vaernewyck, Deceased.
described, before Jared D. Taylor,
U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ari
zona, on the 3d day of Ortober, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Lee Aston, John Kelly, William
Kelly and Henry Clay Aston, all ot
Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona
August 22, 1919.
Notice is hereny given that Zena
Aston, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
April 25, 1914, made Homestead En
try, No. 024947, for NE. , Section 7,
Township 23-S., Range 21-E., G. &
S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three year proot
to establish claim to the land above
WARNING
TO INVESTORS:
Don't buy oil storks or royalty units
until you hav first hnrH Information of
TEXAS OIL FIELDS
Get the TP.I'TH about TEXAS Oil,
I'KODICTION and DIVIDEND pnyers.
We will furnish AJSoUl 'TKLV bliVA:
an official State Governuunt rt-poit
made ly all producing Oil Companies
with a
SWORN STATEMENT
showing- their production for the sec
ond quarter of 1119, as required hy
state Kpecial income tax law. Thejs;
reports are now beinjr compiled. We
willeeure for you and forward to vou
the complete list A!!SOI,l "TKI.V
KHKK. We publish a K1IKE Oil
MARKET I.ETTKH DIGKST. Yon
should have this INKOH.MATION if
you intend to invest fafely in TEXAS
OIL.
Inquiries Promptly Answered.
PUBLIC INFORMATION BUREAU
121-122 Oil Operator Building
Fort Worth, Texas
STORE WILL BE
AS USUAL
OPEN
LABOR DAY SPECIALS
CHARMING CHILDREN'S DRESSES
We have gathered together a lively and fascinating
display of pretty Gingham Dresses for Children, 2 to 6
years of age. They are all in dainty colorings, and good
styles and can be had in stripes and plaids- trimmed
with solid colors and touches of embroidery.
Also solid colors Tan, Blue, Pink, Green,
trimmed with white collars and cuffs.. '
Values to $2.00, Labor Day Special...'. $1.25
Values to $2.95, Labor Day Special..... $1.75
Values to $3.95, Labor Day Special.. ..:.......$2.50
SWEATERS FOR THE KIDDIES
These come in dainty shades with White Zephyrs
and Angora Collars and Cuffs, some button fronts with
belts, others slipovers. Sizes 2 to 6 years- ;
Values to $7.95, Labor Day Special r..$3.95
Values to $3.95, Labor Day Special ..$2.50
i
ALL-OVER APRONS
Don't miss . this extra
good special iiy white Ail
Over Aprons, fine quality,
too. Regular and largp
sizes.
Values to $2.25, Labor
Day Special 95c
DRY GOODS
DEPARTMENT
Fine Ivanhoe Zephyr Dress Ginghams, 32 inches wide;
Fall Plaid Pattern's ; Labor Day Special 45c yd.
Bleached Bed Sheets (Mohawk brand), elegant qual
ity; size 72x90; Labor Day Special.... $1.25
Bath Towel (heavy duality), plain hemmed ends:
Labor Day Special . ...45c each
Women'sPetticoats
A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF
PRETTY PETICOATS IN ALL.
THE BEST SHADES. INCLUD
ING THE NEW SUIT COLORS,
NAVY, GREEN, WINE AND
BROWN SATEEN. WITH SILK
TAFFETA PLAITED RUFFLE.
VALUE $2.95, LABOR DAY
SPECIAL $1.95
BARGAIN BOOTH SPECIALS
Hemstitched imitation Table Squares;
value 65c, Labor Day Special 45c
Children's Handkerchiefs, 3 in a fancy box'
initialed and embroidered; value 25c,
Labor Pay Special 15c box
Women's White Handkerchiefs, -inch
hem, all linen; value 20c, Labor Day Spe
cial, 2 for '. 15c
Veilornet Silk Veil or Hair Net, all colors;
value" 15c, Labor Day Special.,.;.,. 10c
Drug Department . Specials
pm
LABOR DAY SPECIALS
Pozannis Face Powder, 60c
value, and Colgate's Asst.
Toilet Waters, $1.00 value
Combination, $1.60 value,
KT For $1.19
TALCUM POWDER
Mavia Talcum, 35c value Babcock'a Cut Rose, 35c value Babcock'a Corjiopsls, 35c value
Babcock'a Violet Elue, 35c value Babcock's Butterfly, 35c value
A 20c Powder Puff With Any of the Above QOa
Talcum Powders, the Two JiL
PAPER NAPKINS,. 15c VALUE, SPECIAL JOc PER 100
Hi
HAY AT 1 W PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SUNDAY, AUaUST 31, 1919.
WHITE SOX BLANKED BY INDIANS;
SHUTOUT BY PIRATES STOPS REDS
AMERICAN LEAGUE
TV. L. Pet.
Chicago 75 41 .647
Cleveland 67 47 .587
Detroit 67 48 .583
New York 63 51 .553
St. Loui 60 55 .522
Boston 53 61 .465
Washington 43 72 .374
Philadelphia 29 84 .257
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L.
YANKS WIN SIXTH STRAIGHT
NEW YORK, Aug. 30. The New
York Americana won their sixth
straight victory, defeating Philadel
phia. The Yankees knocked out Noyes
in three innings, scoring four earned
runs on him.
Score by innings: It. H. E.
Philadelphia 200 000 0002 6 1
New York 220 100 OOx 5 9 0
Batteries Noyes, Johnson and Mc
Avoy; Shawkey and Ruel.
TIGERS AND BROWNS SPLIT
ST. i.OUIS, Aug. 30. Detroit over
came a seven run lead in 'the last
inning of the second game with St.
Louis and won 8 to 7, after losing the
first contest through inability to solve
Sotheron's delivery. In the second
game Davenport held Detroit to three
hits until the eighth when he was driv
en from the box and Koob, who re
lieved him, suffered tne same fate in
the next inning.
First game:
Score by innings: R. H. E.
Detroit -.000 000 0000 3 2
St. Louis 101 000 02x 4 10 0
Batteries Leonard, Ayers and
Stanage; Sot heron and Severoid.
Second game:
Score by innings: R.H. E.
Detroit 000 000 0448 15 0
St. Louis 122 020 0007 9 0
Batteries Ehmke, Love and Ain
smith; Davenport, Koob, Gallia and
Billings.
INDIANS DEFEAT LEADERS
CLEVELAND, Aug. 30. Cleveland
turned the tables on Chicago, Myers
outpitching James anr winning. Cleve
land scored tho' in the third on a pass
to Smith, O'Neill's double and Chap
man's single. That was all until the
sixth, when Speaker walked and scor
ed on Gardner's triple. Myers singled
in the seventh and scored on Graney's
sacrifice, Chapman's single and Speak
er's sacrifice fly.
Score by innings:' R. H. E.
Chicago .. 000 000 0000 5 2
Cleveland 002 001 lOx 4 10 1
Batteries James, Kerr and Schalk;
Myers and O'Nejll.
Washington at Boston, rain. .
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
At Atlanta 2-6; New Orleans 3-3.
At Memphis 6-3; Chattanooga 4-0.
At Birmingham 2-; Mobile 5-3.
At Nashville 2-5; Little Rock 5-6.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
At Toledo 4; Indianapolis 1.
At 3t. Paul 5; Minneapolis 3.
At Columbus 4; Louisville 0.
At Kansas, City 5, Milwaukee 2.
WESTERN LEAGUE
At Des Moines 0-3; Sioux City 6-0.
At Wichita 5; Joplin 3.
At Tulsa 2; Oklahoma City 3.
At Omaha 5; SL Joseph 6.
Cincinnati 81
New York 71
Chicago 61
Brooklyn 57
Pittsburgh 55
Boston 46
St. Loais 40
Philadelphia 39
35
42
50
58
57
.65
70
72
Pet.
.699
.629
.550
.496
.491
.415
.364
.351
PIRATES BLANK REDS
PITTSBURGH, Aug. 30. Pittsburgh
defeated Cincinnati in eleven innings
in a game featured by good pitching
on each side and splendid fielding
Adams and Ring opposed each other
and were invincible until the eleventh
when the visiting pitcher wavered.
Score by innings: R. H. E.
Cincinnati . 000 000 000 000 5 2
Pittsburgh ..000 000000 011 8 2
Batteries Ring and Wingo; Ad
urns and Schmidt.
MAM AUX BAFFLES GIANTS
BROOKLYN. Aug. 30. Mamaux
held New York to five scattered hits,
only one of which was clean, and
Brooklyn won. The -Giants . scored
their solitary run on a pass. Zim
merman's scratch hit, a. force play
and Miller's wild, throw. Brooklyn
scored in the first inning on two hits,
a steal and a force. They bunched
two singles, a sacrifice and Kilduff's
double in the fourth for two more
runs.
Score by innings: r R. H. E.
New i'ork 000 000 1001 5 0
Brooklyn : 100 200 OOx 3 9 1
Batteries - Benton, Winters and
Snyder, McCarty; Mamaux and Miller.
BRAVES WIN TWO
PHILADELPHIA. Aue. SO Boston
made it three out of four from Phila
delphia by winning both games, the
second contest going eleven Innings.
In the iirst game Cheney's wild throw
on a bunt in the ninth inning allowed
Holke to score from second with the
winning run. Scott blanked Philadel
phia in the second came, until the
ninth, when Bancroft with a two base
nit, sent home two runs, tying the
score. In the eleventh. Meadows hit
Pick with a pitched ball and he scored
on Holke's single and . Smith's sac
rifice fly.
First game:
Score by Innines: T? w K
Boston .. 200 020 0015 11 0
Philadelphia. 100 110 1004 10 0
Batteries Oeschger and Gowdy;
Cheney and Adams.
Second game:
Score by inninirs? t? tt v
Boston .. 010 000 100 013 11 0
Philadelphia ..000 000 002 00 2 7 1
Bateries Scott and Gowdy; Mead
ow ami Tragesser.
BISBEE BROTHERS ARE PROVING
SENSATIONS IN EAST ATHLETICS
Edwin Baldwin, now in West Point,
and his brother, J. Arnold Baldwin, a
midshipman at Annapolis, are two
Bisbee boys who have created a sen
sation in athletic circles in the East,
according to word from there jester
day. Edwin Baldwin has made the
football squad on. the West Point team
and expects to land the position of
left tackle on the regular eleven.
while Arnold Baldwin has been burn
ing up the track in the Bprints and
440-yard run.
Both young men are the sons of F.
E. Baldwin, "top" foreman at the
Briggs shaft. They went East last
June. Edwin received his appoint
ment to West Point through Represen
tative Carl Hayden, while Arnold was
named for the naval academy by Sen
ator Mark Smith. Both were reared
in Bisbee and . were educated at the
local schools.
Arnold Baldwin was second high
man in individual scores at the an
nual summer inter-battalion field and
track meet held at Farragut field, An
napolis, on August 23. Owsley captur
ed 14 points and Baldwin 13. The lat
ter was in a number of running events
In which Owsley am not participate
and thus tiired himself out while
Owsley wag in such events as the shot
put, javelin throwing, broad jumps,
etc.
Young Baldwin won the 100-yard
dash in 10 seconds flat, only 2-5 of
a second short of the world's record
He also won the 440-yard run in 53
4-5 seconds, 1 1-3 seconds faster than
he ever made it before. These two
races gave him ten points. He also
ran in tlie 220-yard dash, but as he
was tired from the other races he
made only second place at 24 1-5 sec
onds, although he had made the dis
tance in 23 3-5 seconds on other oc
casions. This gave him three more
points, a total of 13 points and sec
ond Individual honors. His battalion,
the second, also took second place In
the meet.
Arnold Baldwin in a letter to his
parents says he believes that when
he has had some training in quick
starting he can tie the world's record
for the 100-yard dash. He got off last
of sevei men in the race the 23d, but
distanced them all at- the finish. He
defeated Oklahoma's star runner in
every race and Arizona got a salvo of
cheers when young Baldwin came in
first in the two races.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
Vernon .. 83 57 .593
Los Angeles 83 58 .589
Salt Lake 73 58 .557
Sacramento 67 66 .504
San Francisco 69 72 .490
Oakland :..-64 77 .454
Portland 58 77 .430
Seattle 53 81 .396
CUBS REFEAT CARDS
CHICAGO. Aue. SO China
ed St. Louis bv bunrhi
early innings before May got settled.
urmiwx was nn nara, hut tightened
up in ihe pinches and was given good
support.
Score by Inninersr pup
St. Louis. 001 000 000 3 12 2
Chcago 302 100 OOx 6 8 1
Batteries May ad Clemons; Hen
drix and Killifer.
$40,000 GOLD NUGGET
SYDNEY. The larzest Kirnrio mir.
get of gold was found in Australia Tf
Weithpd nvpr inn
over $40,000 when melted.
LOS ANGELES 7-2, PORTLAND 6-3
First game:
At Portland: R. H. E.
Los Angeles 7 9 2
Portland . 6 10 1
Batteries Brown, Fittery and Bass-
ier; Jones, Harts, Sutherland and
Baker.
Second game: R. H. E.
Los Angeles ..... ..2 8 0
Portland .. 3 9 0
Batteries Fittery and Boles ;Pen-
ner and Koehler.
SAN FRANCISCO 3-14, Oakland 0-1
First game:
At San Francisco: R. H. E.
San Francisco 3 .20
Oakland .. 0 5 0
Batteries Scott and Anfinson;
Falkenfcerg and Elliott, Mitze.
Seco id game: R. H. E.
San Francisco 14 17 0
Oakland .. 16 2
Batteries Lumberg and McKee;
Kremer, Weaver and Mitze.
VERNON 5-2, SACRAMENTO 29
At Los .Angeles. -
Sacramento . 2 7 1
Vernon : -....5 9 1
Batteries: Prough, - Wolter 'and
Cook ; Dawson and Brooks, Cady.
Second game:
Sacramento : 9 13 0
Vernon 2 5 4
Batteries: Crespi and Cady; W.
Mitchell, Ross and Decormer.
SALT LAKE 4, SEATTLE 2
. At Seattle
Salt Lake . 4
beattle 2
Batteries: Stroud and Byler, Schorr,
inoma4 and Sweeney.
7
7
To Play Series of
Indoor Ball Games
The unbeaten indoor baseball team
of the Horace Mann Junior High
school will wheel into action in their
biggest test of the season next week
ONE OF REASONS MTY COBB IS THE BEST
In
! Fr' x Y
$ 'zczzr s
By Fred Turbyvill.
N. E. A. Sports Writer.
There are many reason why Ty
Cobb is the best batter in baseball.
But this isn't a summing up of the
whole just one of the many. He Is
mighty fussy about his war clubs.
He's so fussy about 'em that he
sometimes makes the other players
on the Tiger payroll fussy, too. For
instance the Detroit club arrived in
Cleveland for p, series and Donie
Bush and some of the other, lesser
lights couldn't find their bats at all.
"Where are our bats?" was the
popular wail.
Everybody waiied but Cobb.
"There wasn't room for 'em," the
bat man explained.
And then some one found that Cobb
had twelve personal bats in the
club's bat bag.
And that wasn't all. While fhey
were arguing the matter in comes a
new shipment of bats twelve of
them. Cobb broke the string and
forthwith picked out twelve to add
to his dozen.
Of course, Ty doesn't swing 'em
all in one afternoon. He probably
has hUli speed bats and low speed
bats; bats for left-handed pitchers
and bats for the shine ball and bats
for the spiter. He probably has a
bat for every occasion. We don't
know for sure. Ty keeps his batting
secrets to himself.
At any rate he has plenty of bats.
I when they will meet a picked team
j from Bisbee high school in a series of
three games. The first will be played
on Tuesday afternoon at the Junior
High tennis grounds.
Coach Potter's youngsters have
competed in four games so far this
season and have been returned an
easy winner in each of them. Their
victims so far include the Bancroft
school of Lowell and the Greenway
school of Warren. Both have fallen
by the wayside twice.
The winning ten which is out to
annex the high school gang's scalps
to their belts on Tuesday consists of:
Joe Ivanez, p; Carl Freeman, c;
James McCusken ,1b; Clark Robbins,
2b (Capt.); Ed Clement. 3b; Leonard
Madden,- lss; Ray Hartsfield, rss;
Richard Ojeda, If; Clarence Malley,
rf; Clarence Lundown, George Raw
ley, cf.
IoegIleI"
Sun and Wind Bring Out Ugly Spots
' How to Remove Easily
Here's a chance, Miss Freckle-face,
to try a remedy for freckles with the
guarantee of a reliable concern that
it will not cost you a penny unless it
removes the freckles; while if it
does give you a clear complexion the
expense is trifling.
Simply get an onnce of Othine
double strength from any druggist,
and a few applications should show
you how easy it is to rid yourself 0!
the homely freckles and get a beau
tiful complexion. Rarely is more than
one ounce needed for the worst case.
Be sure to ask the druggits for the
double strength Othine as this
strength is sold under guarantee , or
money back if it fails to remove-
Adv.
Ground Floor
PRODUCING
OIL WELLS
Gusher Now Producing and Another
Ready to Come In
Modern Refinery Nearing Completion
First Dividend Interest Now Being
Plaid.
Few more Members can join the
famed Abner Trustee Plan of Profit
Sharing Man to Man.
You can get in now after a safe,
stable business is established, help
build it larger and enjoy the future
larger dividends.
Now paying first dividend interest
from oil produced largely from well
No. 4.
Next dividend will be from wells
4, 5, 8 and 10.
Now producing from four wells.
Now bringing in No. 9.
Now completing modern refinery.
All since January, this year.
Two of these wells in the world
famous Burkburnett Northwest gush
er pool.
One of these wells now standing
full of oil waiting for pipe line con
nection and looks like a three thou
sand barrel gusher.
Estimated income from present
wells over half million annually.
Estimated profit from refinery over
niair a million annually.
This wonderful business only half
a year old.
Additional cash capital required for
pipe line and storage facilities and
operating capital. Few -more ground
floor members are invited to furnish
the money and sttare pro rata in this,
the biggest, fastest growing inde-
jjcuukui, biricuy iuu cems oil in
dollar, man-toman, Profit-Sharing
business in Texas.
Every one shares in all profits from
oil, pipe line, refining and all exten
sions. Ten dollars or more accepted. First
ten dollars also reserves One Hun
dred Dollar membership at present
price on monthly payments.
ABNER DAVIS, TRUSTEE
279 American Natl. Bank Building
Wichita Falls, Texas
TEXAS CRUDE
Monarch of the Independent Com
panies REFINING
Consolidation of
Texas Crude Oil Co $2,000,000.00
All-Tex Oil Co 1,500,000.00
Hub Refining Co 2,000,000.00
East Paris Oil Co 100,000.00
Union Central Oil Co.
(60 per cent) 60,000.00
Ranger Worth Oil As
sociation, (50 per
cent) ;. 25,000.00
Total . $5,675,000.00
AS THE
TEXAS CRUDE OIL & REFINING
CO.
With Only $3,000,000 Capital
At $1.00 a Share
Stockholders get the entire bene
fit of this tremendous deal. Assets
represented by about $2,675,000 ex
cess capitalization are shared in
the $1.00 stock of the Texas Crude
Oil &eV Refining Co. Shares of new
company issued in exchange for old
Texas Crude stock without fees of
any kind... Texas Crude stockhold
ers who paid $2 get two shares for
one.
PRODUCTION AND DIVIDENDS
Texas Crude is a dividend payer.
It has production. It is an invest
ment. ' We consider that all ele
ments of speculation have been
eliminated. Limited allotments for
sale at the $1.00 price. Buy quick
before the increased production
and public demand force the price
higher. Wire your orders in C. O.
D.
TEXAS CRUDE SYNDICATE
Underwriters, 1
610 Main St. Fort Worth, Texas
BUY NOW AT $1.00
A Man
Can Borrow
Money on
What He
Puts Into
A Home
He Can't on
What He
Pays Out
For Rent
Bisbee Lumber
Company
(Incorporated)
E. MARKS, Manager .
Lowell Car Stop Phone 25
1
s TheJbestanc
most economical
(swa' you
canouu
j
r
fife
1
r
j(o i3a 11 o
PHELPS DODGE MERCANTILE CO.
BISBEE, DOUGLAS, WARREN, LOWELL, NACO
NORTH TIGME
LEASING CO.
Don't Overlook
This Opportunity
With Silver commanding $1.10 per oz. and with 40,000
tons blocked out ready for milling in this Company's
property, the prospective investor will not make any
mistake by taking advantage of the opportunity to buy
into a gilt-edged proposition that is bound to make sub
stantial return within an exremely short period. In
vestigate and. satisfy yourself.
Don't Wait Too Long. See L. J- Overlook, Broker;
Collins & Bretherton- Brokers; C. W. Bos well, Copper
..'Queen Hotel.
Let U3 bid on tnat neit printing ', ' T. "
fi? on.Ilvfew.86 you mou try the review want ads for quick results
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Heater
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
TEXAS OIL MAP
Df? THE ENTIRE"
rl STATE OF TEXAS
IS NOT AN OIL FIELD-DONT
BE MISLED-OUP NEW COLODED
OIL DEVELOPMENT MAP SHOWS
THE OIL FIELDS. FREE
published by DUNBAR &CO.
fj Bisbee Imp
. I ; .11
hi U
!? !i ri
n i - -
i ; 1
'11 j ! Ife" !
W 1 ir. '. ' '
P k&
rovement Co.
EL li'i.O i
ii in
1
son SUNDAY, "AUGUST 31, 1919.
THE BXSBEE BSXCY REVIEW
PSGE FIVE
Happenings of a Week
From Texas Oil Fields
OIL INVESTING
NOT GAMBLING
FIFTEEN RIGS
INSTALLED BT
I
N
The most spectacular series ol
operations in the sensational history
of t!-o Texas oil fields, considering
the time consumed, is that of the
General Oil company of which S. E.
J. Cox, Houston, Is president. Not
only have 15 rigs been installed on
the various properties of the company
but it was done in less time than it
has taken any big company in the
field to start a fourth as much work
when first organized. Oil men bank
ers and others have admitted that Mr.
Cox has accomplished what few oth
er men could have in so short a time.
And the stock of a million dollar com
pany sold for two millions in less
than 90 days. The company has
blazed the way into territory inEctor.
Howard and Glasscock counties said
by four geologists to possess forma
tions indicating greater oil bearing
sands than anywhere in the state. On
the report of G. W. Murray, whose
contention that the N. W. Burkbur
nett extension would bring in greater
wells than the townsite was laughed
to scorn, one ranch of 35,000 and an
other of 20,000 acres were leased
while a tract to fill out between
these structures 5120 acres, was
bought outright. Ninety days after
the first scout stepped off the train
in Big Spring, Howard county, the
first well was sudded in. Now ma
chinery is on the ground 15 rigs are
In operation, a refinery capable of
handling 1.500 barrels that will be
increased to 6.000 daily, purchased
near Wichita Falls, one well drilling
on 20 acres in the N. W. Burkburnett
field, two on 80 acres, the West Col
umbia operations nearly completed,
while production only two miles from
the Jolly lease southeast of Turk
burntee, has been reported. This
sums up briefly the position of Gen
eral Oil, with its enormous, well
chosen and scattered acreage and
new machiaery sufficient for the
campaign of 24 wells by Christinas.
The value of the property has so en
hanced that a sale now would yield
more than treble the company's capi
talization. Considering long hauls,
distance from supplies and railroad
facilities, astonishment is felt at the
speed with which this company has
broken i ito a field favorably reported
on some time back but evidently over
looked by the companies busy else
where. Already there has been brisk
: trading in leases, and without thought
of ensuing drilling which will follow
a strike, it of itself would be suf
ficient to send acreage values Into
the thousands.
LATEST NOTES
OF OILFIELDS
Statistic fiends have been trying
in vain to find record of any gasser
that equals the freakish Harrell hole,
near Eastland. It has been figured
that over 150,000,000 cubic feet of
gas flows from the well daily, which
is said to be a world's record. A
gauge capable of resigstering 100,
000,000 cubic feet burst under tha
strain. All efforts to harness the
flow failed, the first having resulted
in tearing a hole in the ground near
the original casing. Men refused to
go near it and one expert who thought
he could handle it, after inspection
when asked what he was going to do
replied: "Do? I'm just going to take
a picture of the darn thing."
OIL T01S ARE
WIDE OPEN BUT
NO HARM DONE
The Hog Creek Oil company of
Desdemona has refused $8,000,000 for
its holdings. The story is told of an
automobile dealer in Waxahachie
who swaped a set of casings for two
shares of the Hog Creek stock, then
considered very much of a "wild cat".
If the deal last week had been closed
this dealer would have realized $26,
666 for his four automobile casings.
So far this is a high record price for
rubber.
Figures compiled by the Geographi
cal Survey show that the combined
output of the Oklahoma, Texas, Kan
sas and Louisiana fields, during the
past year, was more than half of the
nation's deliveries. The North Texas
fields totaled 17,280,612 barrels and
Coastal Texas, 21,469,419. The North
Texas production more than doubled
during the last year.
Roads Prepare To
Hasten Oil Trains
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 30 Congestion
of freight traffic at Burkburnett and
other oil fields in Wichita county
which has obtained there for some
time, will be considerably relieved
as a result of a conference held at
Wichita Falls between federal rail
way officials and C. E. Gilmore, mem
ber of the Texas railroad commis
sion, who hjas just returned from
that place. '
The congestion has been on the
Katy and Fort Worth and Denver
railways, and commissioner Gilmore
said that steps have now been taken
which are expected to insure a quick
er movement of freight, the great
bulk of which is oil. Approximately
86,000 barrels of oil are produced
daily in the Burkburnett field, which
at a low estimate, are worth $200,
000. There was very little wastage of
oil and gas in the fields, according to
Mr. Gilmore, as a result of the strict
enforcement of the conservation law.
Oil Business Leads
Speculative Fields
The oil business is now leading in
the investment antl speculative field
and railroad securities which have
until recently been the backbone of
United States investments relegated
to second place. But few railroad ifl
sues have been offered as large as
$100,000,000 while it is learned on
good authority that an offer of $120,
000.000 for the total 60,000 shares ol
Texas Pacific Coal and Oil Co., has
been refused. This company owns in
fee 70.000 acres and controls by lease
about 320,000 acres of the pick of the
oil lands in the Ranger field. This
acreage represents a total of 625
square miles. 50 per cent more area
than is contaied i-i the anthracite
coal lands of Eastern Pennsylvania.
Tiie Norwood well is the wonder of
the field, coming in with a record of
12,000 barrels and now running nor
;rmil wjrh . production, of 5, 0W bar
rels daily. It is expected that in
stead of declining' values- for the
Ranger field, there will be an appre
ciation in price as tronsportation
facilities are increased.
Just as the boy along the county-
road passes up the bushes bearing
the smaller berries for the more lus
cious fruit, only to return for the less
attractive pickings, so are the oil
operators of Texas paying attention
now to the shallow sands encounter
ed in various districts. There ar
many large holdings all through the'
oil territory and large production has
been realized at less depth than that
from which the big wells materialize.
It is predicted there will be much
activity in the shallow sand districts
before long.
While the Burkburnett field is still
the daddy of all the Texas oil dis
tricts in the matter of production,
Pesdemona, the newest and most
talked of rival of Burk, is coming
along with marked speed. Despite
many wells pinched down to the
smallest possible flow to prevent
waste in the absence of sufficient
transportation facilities, thereby in
juring the wells, In the opinion of
many, Burk recently recorded a daily
production of 109,000 barrels, while
Desdemona is coming through with
around 70,000 and production increas
ing at a rapid rate. Desdemona's goal
of 150,000 barrels may be reached
within a month for the field is by no
means fully developed. There are
around 75 wells waiting to be drilled
in.
The term "wildcat" is falling into
disuse in Texas for the very sound
reason that operators and the public
generally are realizing that every
well in now producing territory was
first a wildcat and the term is mis
leading. Past experiences in Texas
have shown that where the structur
al formation is encouraging, there is
as much change to find oil in wholly
unproven ground as elsewhere and
the "mother pool" is still to be un
covered. It might be found by the
wildest of wildcats or just on the
edge of some producing pool. So the
oil men are beginning to realize that
operators in sew territory are no
more wildcatters than was Columbus,
and he found the place where oil is
found, first.
Tline are 138,i31.0iH Buddhist3 in
the world.
The deepest ocean is the Pacific,
which is 2500 fathoms.
Raw potatoes contain a poisonous
element sometimes fatal to livestock.
Rheumatism
A Home Cure Given By
One Who Had It
In the spring of 1893 I was altacked
by Muscular and Inflammatory Rheu
matism. I suffered as only those who
have it know, for over three years. I
tried remedy after remedy, and doctor
after doctor, but such relief as I re
ceived was only temporary. Finally,
I found a remedy that cured me com
pletely, and it has never returned. I
have given it to a number who were
terribly afflicted and t-vrn bedridden
with Rheumatism, and it effected a
cure in every case.
I want every sufferer from any
form of rheumatic trouble to try this
marvelous healing power. Don't send
a cent; simply mail your name and
address ami I will send it free to try.
After you have used it and it has
proven itself to be that long -looked-for
nuans of curing your Rheumatism,
you may send the price of it, one dol
lar, but. understand, I do not . want
your money unless you are-'porferMy
satisfied to send it. Isn't that fair?
Why suffer any longer whrn positive
relief is thus offered you free? Don t
delay. Write today.
Mark H. Jackson, No. 77F Guerney
Bldg.. Syracuse, N. Y.
Mr. Jackson is responsible. Above
statement true,
AUSTIN, Tex., Au(j. 30. The
oil towns of Ranger, Burkburnett
and Eastland are virtually "wide
open", declared Adj. Gen. James
A. Harley, who has just returned
from making an investigation of
conditions there. Bootlegging,
he declared, was quite prevalent,
gambling was going on as well
and dance hall It operation.
Despite these conditions, Gen.
Harley said there was very little
crime at these places which re
sembled ' the typical western
towns of 20 years ago. The local
authorities are handling the situ
ation as well as may be expected.
He found much money changing
hands, the trafficiking in oHj
leases being one of the leading
industries.
OIL FIRM SUED
FOR 11 100,111
DALLAS, Texas, Aug. 30. In the
44th district court of Dallas county,
the Security Mortgage and Invest
ment company of Dallas has filed suit
for $1,000,000 damages against the
Cattlemen's Hog Creek Oil company
and other defendants. This . is the
largest damage sum asked in any case
ever filed here.
The Dallas company files suit on
the basis of a contraet alleged to have
been entered into by them through
Allen, Stemmons and Porter, also
made defendants, by which the Secur
ity Mortgage and Investment company
claims to have purchased a 15-acre
tract in Eastland county, owned b?
the Cattlemen's Hog Creek Oil com
pany, including a 500-barrel well on
the land together with the drills, der
ricks and other supplies for the con
sideration of $400,000. The plaintiff
deposited $10,000 in a local bank, ae
required by the contract, and waited
to meet the other provisions, but thr
oil company failed to deliver the titlr
to the lease and ignored the plaintiff'f
claim, it is alleged. (
Since Julv 7, it is' alleged, the Mag
nolia Petroleum company has taker
the oil from the well and the plain
tiff's request that a receiver be ap
pointed to take this oil which is be
ing pumped from the well. The Mag
nolia Petroleum company is hence ar
additional defendant in the suit.
Damage in the sum of $1,000,000 if
asked by the plaintiff, in the even
that it is not entitled to have the con
tract specifically performed, firs'
against the oil company and seconc"
against Allen, Stemmons and Porter
if the latter were not empowered tc
make the contract.
Menelek, the former king of Abysi
sinia, lives in a mud house.
(From Wichita Falls Oil Reporter).
The petroleum industry has the
basis of more small fortunes
than probably any other line of hu
man endeavor, and Wichita county
has several thousand people who have
made money in oil, throTTgh produc
tion, dealing in properties, pipe lines
or refineries, and by investments in
the securities of such companies in
this immediate section.
It is unnecessary to gamble to make
money in the oil business. The pro
ducing end of the industry lacks even
such business risks as may be said
to attach to refining and transporta
tion. The oil business when conserv
atively conducted is productive of
maximum profit and minimum risk.
Every . refinery built is an added
guarantee of a permanent market for
crude petroleum. Every dollar in
vested in pipe lines of tank cars is a
guarantee of a permanent market for
crude petroleum.
There are at present about 126 oil
refineries under construction in the
United States, or plans under way for
their construction; it is estimated
that they will refine 118,000 barrels
of oil daily and will cost more than
$30000,000. About 20- are being built
in Texas, which state now has thirty-two
operating refineries costing
$49,250,000. The total amount invest-,
ed in refineries in the United States
is $605,662,500.-
The unfortunate man "has a friend
who invested and lost."
The suspicious man is he who is al
ways afraid someone will rob him.
The narrow-gauged man refuses to
listen to anything out of his line.
The high-sighted man never sees
opportunity until it has passed.
J. P. Morgan said: "The foundation
of wealth is- the first $100 well in
vested." John D. Rockefeller said: "Don't de
lay. Get in while you can. The un
wise man, thinks a thing worthless
or it would not be offered him."
George Westinghouse, inventor of
the air brake said: "Five thousand
Americans are worth a million dol
lars each because they invested their
savings in new things."
Jay Gould said: "When you invest
your money in stock always pick a
young one if you can, and don't wait
to see if it pans out, for there Is
where most men have lost their op
portunity because when you have
waited to see if it is going to pan out
you will have to pay a premium on
the stock and you will have lost the
biggest advance in its value. You
must make money on your own joudg
met and not on demonstrated facts."
New Well Extends
Desliemona Field
DESDEMONA, Tex., Aug. 30. The
Desdemona field was extended two
miles Wednesday when the Duke
Dome's Snodgrass struck production
at 2847 feet. The well IJ .'lowing by
heads. It made 500 barrels Wednes
day. The well is four miles north of Des
demona and on a line with Rianger'9
southern development.
The Mrs. I Lewis 'well of the Pay
City Oil and Refining company west
of Desdemona came in Wednesday.
It is pinched in and is making three
hundred barrels. When finally com
pleted it will be quite a well it is be
lieved. '
No job of printing too email, none
oo large. If you want it done right
1 hone 39, Review.
CHEVROLET
MORE MILES PER GALLON
RESPECT YOUR MONEY
When you buy a CHEVROLET you treat your
money with respect. You do not spend too much, and
ycu secure a car capable of doing all you want any
automobile to do.
The CHEVROLET is THE CAR of the hour; low
in price and absolutely dependable. It meets today's
need for economy. A safe car to buy- It is a common
thins for a CHEVROLET to travel 25 miles on a
gallon cf gasoline. The CHEVROLET itself proves
all I say for it. Let me demonstrate a CHEVROLET
for you.
Service Station now open with a complete supply
of Chevrolet parts' arid accessories. I Coiv.k Ini a.M bed .
our new quarters. ' .
GOOD FLOW IN
GALLUP FIELD
GALLUP. N. M., Aug. 30 The Ari
zona Land company, of Phoenix, now
drilling a well in the Seven Lakes
district northeast of Gallup brought
in a gas well at a depth of 290 feet.
A strong flow of gas is reported and
they stepped drilling to cement off
the water. This well is located in the
center of the district in which there
are 19 wells, all having good oil show,
ings.
A star rig is being used in the
work, with 10 inch casing. Coal
which is mined in the district, is used
for fuel. They are running two tow
ers, drilling day and night. The
roads in the district are in good con
dition. A contract has been let for 32 addi
tional wells to be sunk immediately.
Geologist Youngling, who made an
examination of the district recently,
reports this to be "one of the best
fields in the United States."
The Carter company is diligently
drilling in the Zuni district south of
Gallup. The drillers are down 1,025
feet with a good showing.
The Gipsy Oil company is also
drilling in the field.
Three standard rigs will soon be
set in place in the west end of the
field.
Two-thirds of newsprint paper used
by American newspapers is imported
from Canada, or is manufactured
from wood or pulp imported from
Canada.
Last Chance
We've told the wonderful story
o Giant. You know of its hold
ings, of its location for the No. 1
well, and about the mighty wells
that are roaring in around it. You
can get this stock today for a dime
and get the 1007c stock dividend
with it. We'll sell you as little as
$1 worth but not more than $1,00.
TUESDAY IT COSTS 25c.
That's f. flat rate. Beginning
Tuesday you will pay it. You'll
b-i glad to get it at that price, too.
But if you buy now, if your order
reaches us postmarked September
1, and enclosing the check or
money, you will get your stock at
10c a share and you will get the
100 stock dividend with it.
raooo ACRES
Giant has 10,000 matchless acres
in Hall and Donley counties In the
Texas Panhandle where the great
est gassers are coming in now up
to thirty million feet. Geologists
believe this will be the. greatest of
the Texas Oil fields.
GOLD AND GASOLINE
Giant will drill a deep well. If
it gets oil a few shjares will be
worth a fortune. If it gets gas it
will be almost equally valuable.
The Panhandle gas is wet gas, and
when it roars out of a well, it fair
ly rains gasoline.
Remember! The End Is at Hand!
GIANT OIL COMPANY
LEAVITT BROKERAGE CO.,
General Agents
Famous Bldg., Fort Worth, Texas
Monday Is the Last Day
EARLY FALL
ARRIVALS
Indicate that the selection for Milday will be a beauti
fully varied one in
HATS
Our Store is Headquarters for correct Styles.
ELITE HAT SHOP
Formerly N orris Millinery
MAIN STREET
r
Pay Cash for Yaur Phonograph
Outfit and Save Half
The. MAG-NI-PHONE is elegantly finrsnec in mahogany and will
compare favorably with talking machines that are sold from $40.00
to $50.00 in Department. Furniture and Music Stores. It is 16 inches
long by 14 inches wide and 11 inches high from the bottom of the
base to- the top of the tone arm. All visible parts are nickel plated.
The turn table is 12 inches in diameter.
Tne MAG-NI-PHONE tone arm can be easily adjusted so that
either Victor, Columbia, Pathe, Edison, Emerson or any standard
record can be played.
The MAG-NI-PHONE in the Horn will entertain you the year
around.
We are featuring a "MAG-NI-PHONE OUTFIT" for A SHORT
TIME ONLY. We will ship to your address the above described
Phonograph with a careful selection consisting of 24 pieces of the
latest music, all 10 inch double disc records, FOR ONLY $22.00. You
really get a $50.00 value.
Order ycur Phonograph Outfit TODAY, play it for 30 days give
it a careful and practical trial and if it don't satisfy you of its good
qualifies and its $50,000 value, then return the Outfit back to U3 at
our expense.
Send ut your order NOW. Don't delay, it might prove too late.
HAVE YOU A TALKING MACHINE?
A careful selection of ONE DOZEN 10 inch double disc Col
umbia, etc.. Records (24 selections) Dance, Band, Hawaiian and
Popular Hits. Records worth from 85c to $1.60 each FOR ONLY
$5 00 You really get $12.50 worth of records. We sell a million
records: a year. Why not send us your records order today?
AMERICAN SALES COMPANY
Phonograph Department
P. O. Box 448
AKRON, OHIQ
'f
--r
Si
WR
MM
A
m
mi
W.L. S
MART
DEALER
LOWELL
k-4
mm
Ml
111
rrrmic
PMILAii
'lip
IHl;ll!lill.'l!IIIIIHIIlH
Diamond Construction Makes
This Bridge Strong
Like pKiinnsEPiirA
the &mGQ
The bridge is strong because it is supported in
every direction by sturdy diagonal braces that form
diamonds everywhere.
The battery is strong because its plates, like the
bridge, are built on the Diamond principle.
That is why the plates do not buckle nor lose
their active material. That is why the battery is
Guaranteed for Eighteen Months
That is why we are the official Phila
delphia Service Station.
Expert battery re-charging and repairing.
Free inspection any battery any make,
any car, any time. Drop in today and let
us look at the condition of your battery.
See Philadelphia Diamond Grid Battery Ad
on last page of Literary Digest Ihwiiweek,
COCHISE MOTOR CO.
t. SIMMONS, Prop.
n
m f PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SUNDAY, AUGUST 31, .1919.
ed Cross, Y. M. and Y. W., Churches, Schools
ociety
S
R
1 QpcteW
On and after this date all items
and announcements for the society
column of The Review must be in
the hands of the society editor by
noon Friday to insure publication
in The Review on the Sunday fol
lowing. Communications may be
phoned to the society editor at
776.
SOCIETY GETTING BREATH
FOR THE WINTER SEASON
Society, taking its last long stretch
after the summer season, getting iis
breath so to speak for the winter gay
ety, shows little activity during the
past week. The visitor has furnished
Inspiration for a few informal affairs,
but for the most part the quiet which
has been evident during the past
three months has reigned.
ST. JOHN'S GUILD
TO MEET
The tirst meeting of the season of
the St. John's Guild will be held
Wednesday afternoon At 2:30 in the
blue room at the Y. W. C. A. Mrs.
James Blair will be the hostess. The
members are urged to be present.
In honor of Mrs. A. M. Martin of
"Waco, Texas, the house guest of Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. Flannigan, the Alexan
der Murrays entertained at dinner
Thursday evening. Covers were laid
for Mr. and Mrs. Flannigan, the guest
of honor and the host and hostess.
Mrs. Frank Bennett asked a few
friends in to meet Mrs. Martin infor
mally Tuesday afternoon. Mrs. Mar
tin will spend the coming week with
the Bennetts.
NO COMPLAINT AS TO H. C. L. HAS
CONTENTED GRANNY VALENCIA;
, PRICES IN BISBEE HIGHER IN 1887
TWENTIETH CENTURY
CLUB RECEPTION
The members of the Twentieth Cen
tury club and their guests were enter
tained by the executive committee
Friday afternoon in the blue room of j
the Y. W. C. A. The affair wast
planned in honor of the new officers j
of the club.
The first regular meeting of the
club will be held Tuesday afternoon
at 2:30 at the Y. W. C. A.
MOTORED TO NOGALES
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Cowan, Mrs. Es
telline Rose and Mr. DuFault motored
to Nogales yesterday to be guests of
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Sullivan over La
bor day.
WAS BRIDGE HOSTESS
As a compliment to Mrs. J. H. Gor
don, Mrs. J. II. Sanford, Jr., enter
tained three tables of bridge Thurs
day afternoon. Her guests were Mes
dames Frank Wheeler, Sam Franken
berg, C. S. Johnson, Dickinson, Thor
lief Olson, Hollis, J. H. Connolly, Ross
Moon, J. Fred Ryan, Joe Rice and
Miss Irene Fitzgerald.
TEA AT STERLING HOME
Mrs. M. II. Sterling invited a few
friends in for bridge and tea on Friday.
RETURNS TO STUDIES
Miss Agnes Randolph, who has been
spending the summer with her par
ents. Dr. and Mrs. Randolph, returned
to New York the first of the week to
continue her studies.
RECOVERING FROM
OPERATION
The many friends of Mrs. W. J.
Bryan will be glad to hear that she is
making a most satisfactory recovery
after an operation for appendicitis.
ENTERTAINED AT
BRIDGE
Mrs. Thorlief Olson and Miss Irene
Fitzgerald entertained at bridge yes
terday, honoring Mrs. J. II. Gordon.
RETURN TO EAST
Mr. and Mys. Harold Thomas, who
have been spending the summer with
the George Cobbes. left for the east
Thursday night. . Mr. Thomas will
continue his studies at the University
of Illinois 'and Mrs. Thomas will
soend some-time with her parents at
Norwalk, Ohio.
WAS LUNCHEON HOSTESS
Mrs. D. C. Griffin of Warren was
hostess at a luncheon on Friday. It
was a compliment to Mrs. J. II. Gordon.
CLEVELAND DODGE VISITS
Cleveland Dodge, who has recently
taken up his residence in Douglas,
spent Friday in Bisbee.
MUSIC TICKETS READY
MONDAY
Tickets for the season series of
concerts to be given under the pa
tronage of the Musical Events club
will be ready for delivery Monday.
The few tickets which are yet unsub
scribed will be placed on sale at the
Reynolds Music Shop this week. They
will be available for a week only,
when they will be turned over to the
people of Douglas and Cananea, who
are anxious to enjoy ths season. It
is expected that the entire guarantee
of $3,000 will be on deposit at the
bank within the next few days or at
least before the final contract is
signed. The season tickets are trans
ferable. Reserved seats for each con
cert may be secured three days be
fore the evnt. Th last opportunity for
the people of the district to secure the
season ticket passes with the present
week, so the necessity of early action
is urged upon those who have not al
ready subscribed.
BRIDGE PARTY MONDAY
Mrs. Jared Taylor has asked a few
friends in' for bridge tomorrow.
ANONA CLUB MEETING
The Anona club met at the home
of Mrs. C. W. Boswell Monday eve
ning, August 25. The evening was
spent in sewing. Those present were
Misses Jennie Warren. Edith and Eve
lyn Kennedy, Jennaveve John, Anna
Wallace, Margaret Caretto, Josephine
Clouthier, Lucy Caretto, Mrs. E. Mc
Gary, Mrs. Ralph Verfurth. Miss
Josephine Clouthier and Miss Lucy
Caretto will entertain the club on
Monday evening, September 8, at the
home of Miss Caretto. All members
are requested to attend, as election of
officers will be held.
DANCE BY MACCABEES
The Ladies of the Maccabees gave
a very enjoyable dancing party at
Warren Park last Monday night. A
large crowd of enthusiastic Macca
bees and their friends danced until a
late hour to delightful "Jazz" music.
The ladies are now planning a big
Labor Day picnic in the park for all
the members and their families. Every
Maccabee and her family are expected
to come andOring their eats at about
11 o'clock and spend a good day. in
the greatest outdoor climate ,ln the
world.
Reel tit. Review every morning.
CHURCHES
Found at last! One person in
Bisbee that has no complaint to
make on the high cost of living.
Her name is Guadalupe Valen
cia and she is 86 years old.
What's more, she lives entirely
by herself and ekes out a very
scanty living from the little gar
den that she maintains in the rear
of her quaint squat adobe home at
No. 1, Tombstone Canyon.
"Granny" Valencia is very
proud of that "No. 1," for she and
her husband built that little home
way back in 1887, the first of the
houses that now mark upper
Tombstone Canyon. That was 32
years ago and there she: has lived
ever since.
Twelve years ago the husband
died. Granny wasn't left any
thing but the little garden and the
little house and her own grit and
willingness to work. Since then
she has worked and worked
hard all alone, selling her peach
es and corn and beans for what
she could get, and living as best
she could.
From all this, one might think
that the old Mexican lady she
was born in Sonora in J833
would be the last 'to shrug at liv
ing costs. But that she did when
a Review reporter saw her at her
little place the other day. She
speaks only Spanish, so an inter
preter had to give her views in
English.
"It must be pretty hard on the
old lady the way prices are at the
present time," ventured the inter
viewer. "Ask her what she thinks
of this high cost of living, any- .
way."
The question was put with a
rattle. Mrs. Valencia listened
carefully, then shook her head
and a smile overspread her
wrinkled face.
"She says," grinned the inter
preter, "that the high cost of
living does not bother her. She
says it isn't half as bad as when
she came here in 1887. They
knew how to charge those days,
she says. Now well, she don't
mind it, .that's all." ,
The hermit gardener has a hard
time of ft though to make both
ends meet. She admitted it. It
takes very little to satisfy her
humble wants, but that little is
hard to get at times. Her neigh
bors help when they tfan, but they
too are poor folk, and can't do
very much.
Mrs. Valencia retains the use of
most of her faculties, but her
eyes-are fast failing. her and since
1906, when she was run over by a
horse, her left arm has been bad
and at times her mind wanders.
Except when the rheumatism in
her arm is too bad, however, the
old lady may be found barehead
ed out in the sunworking over
her little garden plot. And a very
creditable looking and good bear
ing plot, it is. She figures one
must eat, you know. ,
Mrs. Valencia is not a pathetic
figure. Far from it. She is an
inspiring example of what grit
and stick-to-it-iveness will do.
"Does she expect, to live to
100 ?
"God alone can tell," said the
old lady, "but God is good.1
She has seen Bisbee throw off
its swaddling clothes and grow
up, but to what extent the infant
has progressed, at the 'present
time, she is ignoranf. '
Not once in the past five years
has the little woman been farther
down town than the little grocery
at which she does her shopping,
about 100 yards from" her home.
Might it not behoove some Bis
beeite when prices seem too high
and life a little tougn sonje of
these days to forget it all by visit
ing "Granny" Valencia and her
little garden?
Buy a few of "Granny's" peach
es and forget the high cost or liv
ing for a time, as she is doing,
toiling up there in the canyon day
in and day out all alone!
PACIFIC DIVISION LINES UP FOR
NUMBER DRIVE OF RED CROSS
CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
The Friendly Church.
School Hill, Opp. Central School.
Unified service of teaching, wor
ship and preaching.
Bible School, 9:45 a. m.
A class for everyone. Come to the
Sunshine School, and get a ' little
Sunshine.
Communion Service, 10:45 a. m.
Sermon theme for morning service,
"God's Masterpiece."
Evening service, 7:45 p. m.
Inspiring song service before even
ing sermon. ...
Sermon theme for evening sermon,
"Ye Shine as Lights."
You are alwtays welcome to our
services.
VM. H. MATTfTES, Minister.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
j Christian Science services are held
in the I. O. O. F. hall on Subway
every Sunday morning at eleven
o'clock, Wednesday evening testi
mony meetings at eight o'clock, Sun
day School at ten a. m. Reading
Room in the Sparks-Klien Building,
jacross from the depot.
Solo by Mrs. Gilbert Maston.
Evening worship, 7:45 p. m.
Sermon by the pastor on the sub
ject, "Faith Refusing Deliverance."
Solo by Miss Anna Wallace.
A cordial invitation is extended to
Plans for a nation wide Red Cross
campaign opening Monday, Novem
ber 3, and closing armistice day, No
vember 11, have been announced by
Dr. Livingston Farrand, chairman of
the executive committee of the Amen
ican Red Cross. The campaign will
be popularly known as the Third Red
Cross Rollcall, and its purpose will
be the enrollment of members for
1920. In addition there will be a gen
eral appeal for $15,000,000 to enable
the organization to complete its war
obligations at home and abroad.
The Pacific division has been mak
ing splendid headway in its organiza
tion drive plans, and has already been
complimented by national headquar
ters for the progress made. Co-operation
has been asked of every
church, commercial organization and
Boy Scout organization in the divi
sion. Each of these organizations has
been asked to name a committee of
from three to six members to work
on the preliminary plans with the
division' office, and to co-operate with
the local chapter during the drive.
The response to this call for com
mittees has been very gratifying and
if - it continues in the same manner
will practically assure the success of
the roll call. Up to the present time
close to two hundred committees have
been reported,' with additional ones
being added to the list daily.
'Not only have the various organi
zations been communicated with, but
all foreign consuls have supplied lists
ited many chapters a fetf months ago
is being entirely remodeled, and ar
rangements have been completed for
its showing at all or practically all
state, county and district fairs to be
held during the next three months.
The new exhibit shows' every phase
of Red Cro.ls work. Between fairs
some open dates are still available,
and the division will be glad to ship
the exhibit, intact upon the request
from chapters.
Red Cross motion pictures will be
used extensively during the campaign.
The National Bureau of Motion Pic
tures is busy now preparing new reels
which will accurately depict the ac
tivities of the Red Cross in the past,
the, work that is being done at pres
ent and what is hoped will be ac
complished in the future. Conditions
upon which these new reels may be
had will be announced shortlv.
Communications have been sent to
the moving picture houses in the di
vision asking that slides be shown an
nouncing the drive, just previous to
the opening of the campaign. Pro
prietors of these houses are unani
mous in offering their co-operation
free t6 the division. Likewise, they
would probably be glad to use films
if the chapters were prepared to pay
the costs. The use of these films
would bring many times the rental
price in drive returns.
"The Heart of a Nation," the new
Red Cross lecture with 100 slides, of
fers the chapters another splendid
publicity medium. They tell and illus
trate the Red Cross story from start
to finish. The lecture and elide &rv
free to chapters except for express
cnarges to and from the place of
showing.
Definite working Diana for the chan
ters in preparation for the Roll Call
will be forwarded from division head
quarters shortly. It whl be well ' to
bear in mind that an carlv orrantza.
tion will lighten the labors for all
concerned during the Intensive cam
paign. . ; -
THE WEEK WITHTHEY.VU.C.A.
3
This Store
Will Close at Noon
Monday, Sept 1st
LABOR DAY
The popular Douglas jazz orchestra
has been engaged to furnish the
music for the big dance which the
Monday Evening club is to hold at
Warren park on the evening of Sep
tember 9. This fs a feature which in
itself is expected to draw a big crowd
of dance lovers. Four hundred tickets
have been placed on sale and the de
mand so far is reported to be excel
lent. The patronesses will be an
nounced later.
The Poilyanna corps has now 20
members and Is growing so fast that
it is the intention to divide the corps
within short time. The corps has
invited the Agendie corps to a post
office party to be held at the associa
tion building on Saturday, Septem
ber 6.
organized. The members ale from
the grammar anS central schools. The
central corps has eleven members,
with Katie Nicholish as leader. Mary
Reasoner is leader of the Busy bee
corps, which has twelve members at
the present time.
Miss Esther Cummings will shortly
inaugurate the fall series of public
Wednesday afternoon teaa at the Y.
All girls and their friends will be welcomed.
During the month of August two
new reserve corps of girls have been
The Bluebird corps of the girls' re
serve has challenged the Copper
corps to n baseball gam- to played
on Thuisday. September 11, at the
Greenway school in Warren. Mary
Marshall is captain ot the Hlu-irds
and she has a splendid team.
f 4
CAN TUBERCULOSIS BE CURED?
Dr. Glass has posi
tive proof he is able
to cure Tuberculosis
by inhalation in any
climated.
For further infop-.
mation address T. I
F. GLASS INHA
LENT CO, 20 E.
JACKSON BLVD.,
CHICAGO.
(Formerly of Los Angeies, Cal.X
if i
7?
YOU NEED NOT
SUFFER FROM CATARRH
i But You Must Drive It Out of
" . Your Blood.
Catarrh is annoying enough
when it chokes up your nostrils
and air passages, causing difficult
breathing and other discomforts.
Real danger comes when it reaches
down into your lungs.
This is why you should at once
realize the importance of the prop
er treatment, and lose no time ex
perimenting with worthless reme-
dies which touch only the surface.
To Tjc rid of Catarrh, you must
drive the disease grrms out of your
blood.
Splendid results have been re
ported from the use of S. S. S.,
which completely routs from your
blood the Catarrh germs, for
which it is a perfect antidote.
If you wish medical advice as to
the treatment of your own indi
vidual case, write to Chief Medical
Adviser, 42 Swift Specific Co., At
lanta. Ga.
I
: IT IS WATERMELON TIME AT THE
Demonstration Gardens
NEAR COUNTRY CLUB, WARREN
When Driving, Stop by and put one in your car
Fresh vine ripened.
CABBAGE young,- tender and juicy worth your
trip down.
DEMONSTRATION GARDENS
mmmmmmmBWKmmmmamBmammmmmmmmtmsmammmmmmmmm
I of foreign societies which are assur-
the public to attend the services otm their support and promising to
this church
ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School, 9:45,
League meeting 6:45.
Public worship 11 and 7:45. Th
Rev. Mr. Krichbaum, pastor of the
Presbyterian Church will preach in
the morning, and the pastor at night.
The fourth quarterly conference
will be held Wednesday at 7:45 in
connection with the prayer meeting.
Dr. Adkinson will be present ana"
conduct the meeting.'
CHAS. W.. HARSHMAN, TVsfor.
REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS
CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS
Sunday School, 10 a. m.
Morning service, subject, "The
Temporal Law", 11 a. m
Evening service
Broad Way", 8 p. m.
Speaking at City
Subject, "The Book of Mormon;
it of Divine Origin?"
All are cordially invited to attend
these meetings.
subject, "The
Park,
m.
Is
THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Sunday School. 9:45 a. m.
Morning Worship. 11 a. m.
This service will be conducted and
the sermon delivered by the Rev. Dr.
Harshmaa of the Bisbeo M. E. church.
EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN
CHURCH.
Services are held In the Warren
Red Cross building, across from the
C. & A. office.
Children's Bible class at 7 p. m.
Services at 4 p. m. Topic, "God
Will Glorify Jerusalem."
All welcome.
PAUL LUTZKE, Pastor.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH.
9:45 a. m., Bible School.
11 a. m.. Sermon by pastor. Theme,
"The Believers' Entire Dependence
on Christ."
6:30 p. m., B. Y. P. U. meeting.
7 p. m., Deacon's meeting.
8 p. m., sermon by pastor.
Theme, "Christ's Saving Ability."
Wednesday, 8 p. m., prayer meet
In?. Thursday, 8 p. m., choir practice.
Come and bring your friends to
this home-like church. You always
havn a warm welcome.
H. C. COMPTON, Pastor.
name committees in the near future.
The division plan is to dispense pub
licity material through the various
committees to be read before the or-
Epvsrorth I gan jZations. Other details of the
drive will be turned over to these
committees from time to time so that
they will be thoroughly familiar with
all conditions previous to the opening
of the campaign.
With the conclusion of the prelimi
nary arrangements and when the com
mittee lists have been completed,
chapters will be furnished by division
headquarters with a complete list of
all committees within chapter Juris
dictions. The chapters will be asked
then to give these committees final
working instructions on the drive,
these committees to augment the reg
ular chapter organization.
As a means of dispensing propa
ganda an elaborate speakingcampaign
is contemplated. The division is in
communication with war veterans' or
ganizations in the hope of securing
the services of veterans of the Civil
war, the Spanish-American war and
the war just concluded. In addition,
the services of 112 returned Red
Cross overseas workers are available.
Librarians throughout the states of
California. Nevada and Arizona have
pledged themselves to be of assist
ance in the campaign in any way pos
sible. Committees in the libraries
are being appointed to work with both
division and the chapters, and an ar
rangement has been made whereby
slips announcing the drive will be
placed in all books released by each
library on a certain day or days pre
vious to the opening of the drive.
The Red Cross Exhibit which vis-
BE SUITED
and
Suited
Make your Fall Suit selec
tion in the house of satis
fied customers- from our
unusually snappy showing
for
Special Showing and Sale of Women's,
Misses' and Children's New Fall Hats
1920
They are made from Fab
rics built for wear, from the
best materials you will
notice this immediately.
- Just Wright Shoes
For Men. Guaranteed to
' Make Good or Another
Pair Free.
We Close at
'lP.M.
MONDAY
In Observation of
LABOR DAY
Just received a large, shipment of the newest in Fall Hats, which
are now on display and sale at the lowest prices in the city. Hats of
Panne Velvet, Hatters Plush and Lyons Velvet, in Turban Styles.
Small shapes and large, drooping brim effects. Nicely trimmed with
ribbons, feathers and flowers.
Before buying your Fall Hat see this wonderful assortment.
, Priced from $1-75 to $7.95.
CI7 STREET
$Qf BJSBCE
"House of Kuppenheimer
Clothes"-
ENTRANCE
. ON
Subway
ant
REAR
OF
MAIN
BUILDIMC
Our Markets Will Close at Noon
MONDAY, (LABOR DAY)
'TOVREA'S
Take Home a Pound of
"None Nicer" Butter 1
0 i
mm
wf UJ U I
I
I
t
i
i
-I
.1
4
s
J
;i
, 't
;j
t
V
i
Associated Press Special I .eased Wire Service
VOL. 21 No. 209.
: : .luuuoi oi, x.viy. PRICE FIVE CENTS
PICTORIAL REVIEW OF LEWIE EVEHR IF THE WEEK
Cameramen of the Daily Review and the Newspaper Enterprise; Association Tour the World for Photographs That Are Interesting
WANTS TAXES REDUCED BY BILLION
3V J
La&faBfc-i, r n 1 1, , fr& vifrtrTjlS 'jjVwyj TffirTiJ
"5
x &.,.-:tH
WASHINGTON, Aug. 30. Out of
the many schemes for the reduction
of old H. C. of L. comes this one of
Senator McCormick, who with Chair
man Campbell of the Senate Rules
Committee, figures that reduction of
expenditures in several government
departments would reduce the annual
taxation by $1,000,000,000. A resolu
tion to this effect is now being con
sidered, i i i'Pt-
131 YEARS OLD, STILL WORKING
fir .
' M
HYDEX, Ky John Shell. 131 years old on Sept 3. is th
oldest workman in the world and is still at work. He has been
active ever since he was 14. and for the last 75 years he has been
farming. He is here seen with his youngest son. 4 yars of age
and the eleventh in a line of children, the oMest born W year
go.
SAFE TO WED. SAYS OCEAN FLIER
COMING TO AMERICA EOB 'POSSIBILITIES'
, - fa V ' "IL, ""-My- . '""4"-' v "'1
LONDON. Th Martinis of
Blanford, oldest son of the Duch
ess of Marlborough, who was Miss
Consuelo Vanderbilt. is planning
to visit America and may return
with one of the "possibilities" he
has in. vjew. Two pf tbem are
Miss Edith Gould (left) daughter
of George Gould, and Miss Flora
Payne Whitney. daucbUr of Har
ry Payne Whitney
IWCfflVi i . . ,
AMERICAN II N IN iWDUSTRY
St
7. s'-?'
faot A!llGJi0?ermane,nt ccuPaon of women m the more difficult and d'angerous industries is now a
fact, and women at machine work as here shown has become generol throuhout the country. For this reason a
rh7ffirStS di-Ctr o' tnau of
Author "Tripartite"
Plan For Railroads
LON DON 1 le crossed the Atlantic in an airplane, why shouldn't
; it be sare enough for him to marry? So Lieut. Sir Arthur Wnitten Brown
one of the first to make the ocean trip in a Vickers-Vimy biplane, took
along Mies Mar?uerite Kennedy as a partner in life.
u .
I ' " - i . . :i:f.: f
i
1 l-L. liiii; LUJ 'is
t4 i
jtr '.r- -
Glenn B. Plumb, general counsel of
the four Brotherhoods of Railroad Em
ployees, photographed in Washington
recently after conference with the
members of the house interstate com
merce committee.
How about those letter heads and
envelopes ? Phone 39, Review.
FOR CO-OPERATION
?WHn SAm HAiRniT7
i
NEW YORK. Cooperation be
tween employers and employes
under a government modeled after
that of the United States, is the
plan of John Loitch. a Long Island'
manufacturer According to this
scheme, the workers would have
as much voice in running an in
dustrial plant ttD the owners.
Send us that next joo or printing
and see what Review Service means
to you. Phone 20, Review.
5
PHILADELPHIA. Who said
Premier Paderewski. Poland's
famous pianist and leader, had bis -hair
cut? "Look at this stamp
jjust arrived from that country.
showing the premier with his hair
as long us ever. Although the
) picture is one he had taken in
1907. tbe stamp wouldn't bt.ve it
it beJkQtbexwiaa.
PEARL DOES LOVE LITTLE NECKS
"' " ft . 'N-.
j. .... . .. Mtev
If mmm
. f---r -v.'-Y '?
m i
, .
t - ii 1X1,1 . .V ? X:
..." Y: T-M -rfr 4is&-
BAYSIDE Those delicious little neck clams are such an attraction
to Pearl White, the movie star, whose summer home is here as to cau
her to dig them herself in real clam-digger style. "They're so much
pleasanter" she says.
FAMOUS ARTIST RESTORES CAPITOL PAINTINGS
I
' ! t'js-r-
i
WASHINGTON. Charles Ayer Whipple, noted artist.' has the lob
tt restoring the paintings in the Capitol to their original appearance
fie started last winter and, after a brief vacation, has resumed the work
liis summer.
PEACE HASNT ENDED U. S. RELIEF
PARIS. rne coming of peace
'hasn't put a stop to the efforts of
American women to aid the
French in the devastated areas.
, Working with the American Com
mi t tee for Devastated France,
'.members of the American Wo
'men's Hospital care for those who
fall victims of some peace-time
accident. Here, for instance. Dr.
Margaret Frazer of Denver ts
shown dressing a cut for a French
peasant.
4
WW r
' w
s ' i
ff " I- ''HI ' i mmm '
i! 0
3 HS PAGE TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SUNDAY, AUGUST 31, 1919'.
LOCAL, COUNTY AND STA TE MINING NE WS
MIAMI AND1LLINGCD.
IS NOW ERECTING GDNGENTRATOR
Prospecting for minerals In Ari
zona is beset with many difficulties,
but location and conditions failed to
damper the spirit of the men back of
the Miami Mining and Milling com
pany, a evidenced " by the progress
made by this company since its or
ganization two and one half years
ago. .
The company was originally organ
ized by local capital to develop their
holdings of 560 acres located on MIn
eral Creek about fifteen miles from
Globe oa the south side of the Pinal
mountains. The claims were prospect
ed for gold and silver about twenty
five years ago on what is known as
the Bob Tail group. Considerable
high grade mineral was shipped from
the property at that time, but the lo
cation of the property forced the own
ers to abandon work on account of
the high cost of getting material to
the mine and shipping the ore to
Globe.
M. W. Tanner, a well known Colo
rado mining man, was placed in
charge of the property about two and
one half years ago, and since that
time wonderful strides have been
made in developing the property ana
preparing for active mill work. A
tunnel has been driven into the moun
tain to a depth of 530 feet. Five
minor veins were encountered in this
tunnel, the veins ranging from three
to twenty eight feet in' wjdth. . The
main dike is 28 feet wide and car
lies values in gold, silver, lead and
iron. This dike crops out at the sur
face 300 feet above the base ' of the
tunnel. Eight mineral bearing veins
are visible at the surface and will
be cut by the development tunnel sev
eral hundred feet below surface.
The No. 1 vein is 16 feet in width,
assaying $10.20 per ton in gold and
silver on the lowest assays yet re
ceived. Good milling dirt can be
found on the surface over practically
the entire holdings of the company.
Superintendent Tanner plans to have
a 50 ton mill in operation within the
next six weeks at which time hw
hopes to have enough ore on the
dump to keep the mill fa continuous
operation. Over 250 tons of mineral
bearing rock is piled on the ground
waiting for the mill to start. Two
Bets of leasers working on the old
tunnel and the shaft have 100 tons of
high grade ore at the mill site. The
smelter ore will average $75 per ton,
but the average low grade rock will
fun around $10 per ton..
A water channel was encountered
about 400 feet from the mouth of the
tunnel and sufficient water is now
flowing from this source to supply
the mill with water for all purposes.
Mr. Tanner estimate the mill will re
quire about 40,000 gallons of water
each 24 hours and he says the present
flow will take care of that amount.
Pumps are not required as the water
flows through the tunnel and to the
mill by gravity which makes the
pumping costs practically nothing.
The only pump on the ground is used
for cooling the gas engine1 and air
complessors.
Clope to $50,000 has been expended
in development work and installation
of machinery to date. The present
equipment includes one 60 horse
power boiled; one 300 ton rock
crusher; one 50 ton slow speed Lane
Mill; four VVilfley concentrator
tables; one 30 H. P. steam engine,
one fovr drill compressor; one six
drill compressor; one 60 H. P. en
gine; one 40 H. P. engine and com
plete mill equipment. An eighty
horse power engine and four addi
tional concentrator tables are in
town awaiting shipment to the prop
erty. Steel rails have been laid the en
tire Icagth of the tunnel and a three
inch air line runs from the compres
sor room to the breast of the tunnel.
The concentrates will be shipped to
Globe by auto truck; the gold and
silver concentrates being, shipped to
the local smelters. and the lead con
centrates will be shipped to the 1
Paso smelter. The present mill is
being equipped for the amalgamation
and concentration of ores and a cy
pnide unit will be added later.
Twenty one men are employed at
the property at the present time but
this force will be increased as work
progresses. The employes are com
fortably located at Doak, where every
accommodation is furnished them. A
store, restaurant, post office, fifteen
or sixteen well built tent houses, of
fice buildings and storehouses give
Doak tne appearance of a prosperous
mining town. An auto. truck makes
daily trips to the property from
Globe, carrying provisions and mail
to Doak. The county road leading
through Russell gulch has been en
tirely rebuilt during the past year
and the Miami Mining and Milling
company has constructed three and
one half miles of private road from
the main county road to their prop
erty at Doak.
Superintendent Tanner is confident
he will add another big produrer to
the Gila county list and predicts a
bright future for the property. Sev
eral big stockholders of the Miami
Mining and Milling company have
recently arrived in the district and
will muke; theii fifture home at Globe
and -Doak.' ,:;! Ij j
P. ' R.'- McDowell, a former employe
of the Gila Valley Bank, has accept-'
ed a position with the Miami Mining
and Milling company and is acting a
treasurer and president of the coin-j
pany. M. W. Tanner is secretary and I
general manager of the company, and
has full charge of all development
and building work. C. L. McDowell.
K. W. Holbert and W. D. Hunter,
directors of the M. M. Milling com
pany, are in the city, and though not
directly superintending any of th
work keep in close touch with all
work being done at the property.
To one not acquainted with the do
rags of Doak a trip to the property
is certainly a revelation and speaks
well for the agressiveness of the men
behind the work. Fifty thousand
dollars seems a trifle when the de
velopment work, buildings, equipment
and road work is considered.
The trip to Doak carries through
the prettiest 3tretch of road in Ari
zona. Twenty seven camping par
ties were 'parked along the roadway
Sunday afternoon and the Pinal road
was lined with auto parties eager to
take advantage of the cool ride to
the summit. When the property of
the Miami Mining and Milling com
pany proves up to the expectations
of its officials Doak should be ons!
of the leading summer and vacation
resorts in the state.
TIT
Bl'CRACKEN
KINGMAN, Aug., 30 The first car
lead of 40 tons of concentrates from
the mill of the. McCracken Silver
Lead Mines company was sent out
from Yucca last Tuesday to the smel
ter. This shipment was the first pro
duct of the dry concentrating mill and
is aaid to be rich in silver and" lead.
The ores that produced the concen
trates were sulphides (and carbonates
of lead and the product will average
about 70 per cent. The mill is do
ing splendid work and when run the
full 24 hours daily will keep a num
ber of big trucks on the road hauling
concentrates to the railroad. What
the district really needs now is either
a hard surfaced highway or a rail
road to mike the camp one of the
most 1'iosperous in the state. The
roads were recently washed out and
have not yet been repaired to mtake
haulage by truck satisfactory, but the
management of the mines and mills
are getting the ore to market, nevertheless.
Senate Silver Now
Opening Good Ore
KINGMAN. Aug. 30. The shaft on
tho Senate Silver, at Hackberry, has
reached a depth of over 80 feet and
is now in excellent ore. aSmples tak
en across 30 inches of vein gave re
sults of from 48 to 60 ounces of silver.
This is still in oxidized ground and
with the driving of the shaft into the
sulphide zone it is expected that
greater values will be encountered.
The shaft is going down rapidly on
the vein, which is now showing in
creased width and gaining in value
with every foot.
The property of the Senate Silver
joins the Hackberry Con. Mines on the
south and the main working shaft
is but a few hundred feet from that
of the shaft from which more than
half a million dollars was taken in the
arly days of the camp. The ore
shoot that was entered the other day
Is supposed to bet he apex of the big
shoot that was found farther to the
north at a depth of 300 feet. While
much of the ore bodies milled by the
old Hackberry company in the years
son -by - was oxidized. . the larger
bodies are in the sulphides. The sul
nhide zone will probably be reached
before the 150 level is opened.
Rich Silver Ores
' ; For Arizona Butte
OATMAN. Aug. 30. One of the best
strikes of silver ore In the country
was made a few days agA in the
winze from the tunnel level of the
banner mine of the Arizona Butte
property. The ore body was entered
at a depth of 50 feet below the tunnel
level and about 250 feet below the
apex of the vein. The winze was sunk
on a good bly of lead ore, the aver
age being about,30 ounces silver, $10
gold and 35 per cent lead, when a
round of holes disclosed ore (hat will
run into the hundreds of ounces in
si'ver and heavy in lead.
Specimens from this strike are on
exhibition at the offices of (ha corn
puny in Kingman and the shop of I.
M. Ooorge. These specimens arc
beautiful wire silver with big masses
of native plastered all over the rock.
The ore also shows heavily in silver
sulphide. The ore body is three feet
in width and shows every evidence
of permanency. The strike was made
1.500 fret from the portal of the tun
nel ind in one of the heaviest miner
alized parts of the big vein. Ship
ments are going out from this part of
the jirorer.v daily, tho big truck being
unable to handle all of the ore that
is beinrr produced.
The, Arizona Butte has its big tun
nel in'sliHpe pnd will have three
shifts at work on it by the first of the
month. This bore will reach the Ban- ,
ner nbo-' 1.000 feet below-the present
depth ol that property. '
SALE OF COPPER
NOW EXCEEDING
ITS PRODUCTION
After the close of the war the cop
per industry owing to the large stocks
held, not only by the government but
by European nations, was the least
promising of any of the basic in
dustries and the decline in the cop
per shares was a reflection of the
large surplus and the curtailment of
production by the mines. In January
the production of copper exceeded
the sales both here and abroad by
40,000,000 pounds. In fact, up through
April the production was in excess of
the sales in that month the excess
production being 15,000,000 pounds.
It was the sales in July that made
for the lift In the copper shares, al
though every month since April has
closed with 'the sales showing heavier
than the production. It was . the July
sales which caused the increase in
price from under 15 cents a pound
to the present quotation of around
23 cents. Sales amounted to nearly
250 per cent of the production for
that month. - Inasmuch as most of
the big producers are not in a pos!
tion to greatly increase output at
present on account of a general labor
shortage, it is expected that sales will
exceed production by a wide margin
for the balance of the year, bo that
the beginning of 1920 should see a
very" small surplus hanging over the
market. .
COPPER SALES
I!
continuing to
show increase
The latter part of August witnessed
a pronounced improvement in the
market for copper. At the start of
the week the metal was offered at 23c
delivery "and at the close of the week
advanced to 23c for September and!
24c for forward deliveries.
The outstanding development wasj
the breaking of the dullness and stag-j
nation that had prevailed as the re-'
suit of the strike of the shopmen onj
the New Haven rosd and the cutting;
off of the New England manufactur-'
ing district which is the principal!
consumer of copper in the United;
States. j
The leading producers reported a.
good volume of inquiries coming to
hand toward the close of the week,
and some tonnage was booked at 24c j
for October delivery. There was a
marked improvement In sentiment
and the feeling prevailed that the
outlook for business was promising.
Important interest, however, do not
look for any material advance in
price. They hold the view that it
will fluctuate indefinitely around the
current level unless some unforeseen
development of far-reaching import
ance occurs.
The strike on the New Haven had
caused considerable reselling of cop
per by consumers who were unwilling
to carry the metal, and by the spec
ulative element. Toward the end or
the week there were evidences that
these second hand lots had been
claned up and this resulted in an in
creased inquiry among the producers.
It is expected that from now on
business will be better. The labor
situation in New England is inclined
to show improvement and this will
serve to stimulate consumption of
the metal. Then also there is the
change for the better in the public
utility situation. With the rapid
climb of the living cost, people gen
erally are beginning to think in
terms of higher amounts and prices.
There is dwindling opposition to the
efforts of these companies to obtain
advances in rates. For many months
increased operating expenses have
made it necessary for companies of
this kind to prune their expenditures
with the result that improvements
and betterments have become prac
tically an unknown quantity. , The
public utility companies are large
.consumers of copper both directly
and indirectly . Rate advances are
now becoming more frequent among
these companies and with more funds
available it is expected that they will
resume improvements and develop
ments. This is not only true of the
traction companies but also of the
larger telephone and telegraph com
panies and the lighting concerns.
FRANCE IS STRONG
AFTER PROFITEERS
PARIS. Cheap fixed-price res
taurants are to be established by the
French government, and surplus war
food stocks will be placed at the dis
posal of the public through coopera
tive societies. Steps will be taken to
suppress illicit speculation. A bill to
be introduced increases the penalties,
and deprives the offenders of all civil
and political rights, while at the same
time providing for the temporary or
permanent closing of their establishments.
FIGHT JAPANSES
WITH INDUSTRY
PEKIN. While diplomats, secret
service men and general observers
have bene predicting an early war be
tween China and Japan, the anciently
wise Chinaman goes about his busi
ness preparing what he believes will
ultimately be far more effective than
a gun. An inventory has been taken
of all goods imported from Japan, and
Chinese capitalists are establishing
factories to substitute all these ar
ticles with "made in China" products.
Final Payment On
Stratton Claims
Final payment of the sum of $1!1.000
upon the Stratton group o topper
claims ir the Oid Hat district of the
Catalina mountains, it is announced,
was made Tuesday by Charles N. Wil
son, who thus becomes owner of one
of the most promising mining prop
erties of this section.
The claims have belonged for the
past 30 yaars to Emerson O. Stratton,
who at present resiles in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Stratton located them at
the time that he was a cattle roiser
in the San Pedro river district. They
adjoin the properties of the Copper
Queen and the Daily Consolidated
and lie hi a highly mineralized belt.
An option upon the Stratton hold
ings was acquired by Mr. Wilson sev
eral years ago. He immediately start
ed road operations leading to his new
interests with the result that for sev
eral seasons all automobile travel to
Mount Lemmon has been by way of
Stratton camp. A sum of approxi
mately $40,000 was spent upon the
road and an additional $150,000 has
been invested in development, ma
chinery, electric lights and water sys
tem for the camp.
Eagle, Colo., Is built on a cliff top,
and to reach it from the rqailroad sta
tion one ascends in a bucket suspend
ed from a cable.
In St. Paul, Minn., Fourth Street
starts at the intersection of Third and
Seventh.
OATH MINE
STRIKE ENDED
BY AGREEMENT
ltplins of the earthquake wrecked
Mugello VaUev plan to rename one of
the ruined village "America."
' i
After a week or more of shutdown
and consequent enxiety of operators
and workers in the Ctitman district,
it is authoritatively reported that the
employers and representatives of the
Western Federation of Miners, in con
ference with the federal mediator, Hy
well Davies, have arrived at a basis
of settlement of their differences at
Los Angeles. -t
The operators and miners express
themselves thoroughly satisfied with
the arrangements. While we hava
not learned the terms It is stated that
tiie man are to get a raise of fif'y
cents per day, recognition of the.'r
organization and the promise of a co
operative store. The differences
were but slight, when taken from a
Federation angle, but demands were
made by the wobblies that could not
be considered, and as that organiza
tion comprised about fifty per cent
of the workers in the camp a com
pliance with the demands of one or
ganization would bring revolt from
the othsr, and as a result the man
agers concluded to close the mines
until the tiitration clarified itself.
While this was a drastic move, it
appeared to be the only one left open.
The employers really felt that the
men with families in the camp would
be hard hit by the close down and,
concluded to treat with the federation
on a basis that would make that or
ganization a sound one and prevent
further friction. It was recognized
that the high cost of living necessitat
ed higher wages and that part of la
bor's demand was readily acceded to.
The thing that was a stickler was
the recognition of a closed shop, but
we believe this was granted,' the Fed
eration to furnish the necestiary la
bor to the mines, which , was agreed
to.
Now that' tlie" strike is over and
that Monday wHl witness a return to
work" of all ' Federation men in the
camp," it is up to tha people to give
the workers their earnest support
against the aggresions of any end all
bodies of men. who are attempting to
destroy our industries. The mines
need the men and the men need the
labor. Every man who labors with
hand or head should receive a mar
gin above his immediate necessities
to provide gain?t the day when he
may not be able to labor, and this
view is obtaining m every employ
ment in the United States. Oatman
is to be congratulated on the amic
able settlement of its differences, and
now that 'it is all over the people
should use every endeavor to mfike
the camp one of the best in the state.'
With co-operation along every line
the state could be made an ideal min
ing camp.
The people and workers of Oatman
are to be congratulated on the man
ner in which the affairs of the town
have been conducted during the past
two weeks,, there not having been a
single disorder in or about the mines,
although the tension was high and
the season that that would try the
nerves of almost anyone. Mohave
County Miner.
LUNCH HOUR JAZZ
IN NAVY DEPARTMENT
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23. The navy
department has its own two-man, jaaz j
band. Every noon tw'o 'tla ikies, one
wth si tmitar. the other with a home
made contraption made out of a soj-p
box with a single string, entertain ni?
navy department clerks by pittm
jazz tunes and singing son" of their
own composition in front of the navy!
buildiner. much to the amusement of '
the yoc-manettes who toss thvm p-n- i
nies. !
A Fascinating ' Revelation of Fashion's
Newest Themes
SMART A UTUMN APPAREL
OFFERING CREATIVE EMBODIMENTS FOSTERED UNDER THE GUIDANCE OF THE FOREMOST
STYLE AUTHORITIES. IN THE PRESENTATION OF EXQUISITE NEW FEATURES THAT ARE DIS
TINCTLY DIFFERENT AND REPLETE WITH CHARM AND ORIGINALITY. THE PRICES ARE VERY
MODERATE.
Suits of Unusual Smartness
Are rare assortment of suits of extreme smartness. In
their richness of modelling they exhibit an excellence of
tailoring that places these superb garments in a class to
be envied.
There are suits with the new youthful box, graceful
straight line, snappy belted and chic pointed ripple jackets.
.Rich effects in fur trimmed are shown developed of
Peach Bloom- Silvertone, Velouise, Tricotine, Suede
Cloth, Velours and Duvetyne.
Clever Fall Coats
Many of these new wraps are developed of Silvertone
Tweeds and the new smart Polo Cloth which is suprbing
ly soft and light in weight. Belted or Lose Models, with
convertible collars. Regular or set in sleeves.
The New Modes in Gowns
The lines of the new gowns are long, lithe, or ingenious
ly draped. There is richness in the fabrics, and usual and
artistic effects in the embellishments. On gowns of either
silk or cloth fabrics there is embroidery more marvelous
than ever. '
:.. (Hs
New
Fall Silks
We are now showing a
large selection of the new
Fall Silks consisting of
Satins, Taffettas, Carm
euse, Crepe de Chine, Satin
Francaise, Satin Brofile,
Mirette, Eglatine Brocaded
Crepe Meteor, and dozens
of other new weaves, in all
th
e new
fall
colorings.
THE IRRESISITIBLE IN BLOUSES
So -'Lew and Autumn-like i i modish types and colorings, that it is
small wender that femininity refuses to &ive up the blouse. No. mat
ter whai. the occasion, Georgette, Crepe de Chine, and Georgette and
Satin combinations in all the new fail colorings, beaded, hand em
broidered. Venise lace trimmed, also plain models displaying de
cidedly new feats in sleeves and necks.
Priced from $6.50 to $35.00.
Dainty New
Neck Fixings
That Are So Helpful.
The smartly dressed woman has
a drawerful of Neckwear, collars.
Vesttes Guipures call them what
, you will, but every one gives
madam a new effectiveness looks
like a different outfit, and how
prim, well groomed she looks
every time sho appears. These
are some of the sorts you want to
see.
Our line is complete. Priced from
50c to $10.00.
New Fall
Millinery
Of captivating witchery, both novel
and distinguished models from Bluebird
Smolyns, Marlborough Tennebaum, Raw
ak, Cupid and Regina and several others.
Soft materials and shapes predominate
with elegant rich and vivid colorings in
charming radiance.
Priced from $7.50 to $45.00
National Gingham Week
This Week
Our stock of Ginghams is one of the
largest in the city, of all best makes. Hun
dreds of patterns to select from, in all the
pretty colorings-
27-inch Plains, Cheks and Stripes 35c yd.
33-inch Scotch Ginghams 37c yd.
33-inch French Ginghams in Plain
Colors 65c yd.
33-inch French Ginghams in
Plaids 85c yd.
Store Closes Noon Monday, Labor Day c
o
o
c
c
o
Z.
a.
S
8
Z
2
e
o
.C
O
1
a:
z
z
cu
e
o
c
.2
Z
i
8
Hi
Z
c
o
4)
H3
C
O
si
,z
CL,
8
Cu
SUXDAYAITGUST 31, 191.
J. C. PENNEY COMPANY A Nation-Wide
Fall & Winter
1 9 19
MEW
FASHIONS FAVORED STYLES ALREADY RECEIVED
-
A Yisit to Our Store Will Demonstrate Our Early Preparedness to
OUR EXTREMELY LOW PRICES
the stupendous number of Silk Plush Coats
COAT NO. 1 Popular new 1919 style. Exactly as pier
tured. Made of good quality black silk plush. Belted
model. Buckle at front and back. Two pockets Dur
ably lined throughout with heavy grade of eatine.
.Sizes 16 to 46. Extraordinary bargain at our
t Maui'
COAT NO. 2 Stylish 4919 modeL Exactly as pictured.
Made of lustrous silk pliiBh. Belt to be "worn either in
side or outside. Two large pockets: Lined throughout
with the -well known Sol Satin. Sizes 16 to 46. Ex
tremely big value at $24.75
v
1 Vk. ' '
1 M
r
Suits and Cloth Coats
We have an unusually attractive showing for this
Fall. The Suits and Cloth Coats have just arrived and
await your inspection.
J. C. PENNEY COMPANY A Nation-Wide
' ,...' - ' ' .- ' ' " " - " '
THE BISBEE
Institution
J. C. PENNEY COMPANY
are easily accounted for when you consider
we buy for Our 197 Busy Stores.
COAT NO. 3 Favorite Dolman model. Exactly as pic
tured. Made of glossy "jet black silk plush. Wide
sweep coat gathered on a round full yoke at; the back.
Xew submarine collar. Self covered buttons adorn the
sleeves. Belt in front. Attractively lined with fancy
Ventianl All sizes 16 to 46. Our price only. $29.50
FASH UNABLE
SILK
"
We Have ihe
PLUSH COATS
Exactly as Pictured
' A.
V - ' ' V
COAT NO. A New Semi-Dolman model. Exactly as
pictured. Made of black silk plush with dyed .opossum
collar. Self covered buttons on sleeves. Belt In front.
Two roomy pockets. Fancy Venetian lining. All sizes
16 to 46. A big favorite at $34.79
Incorporated
WE WILL BE CLOSED ALL
Institution
J. C. PENNEY COMPANY
i , .
1
DAILY REVIEW
A Nation-Wide Institution
J. C.
FROM OUR HEADQUARTERS IN
Save You Considerable Honey on Newest
PLUSH
ARE
BUY NOW while selection is complete. A big saving is possible buying from
us. You will appreciate the quality of the beautiful Coats.
COAT NO. 6 Fashion's favored Dolman etyle. Ex
actly as pictured. Made of black Bilk plush. Dyed
opossum collar. Cuffs pleasingly trimmed with self
covered buttons. Two pockets. Belt In front. Fancy
Venetian lining. All sizes 16 to 46. A winner at
our price $44.75
1
COAT NO. 5 A Dolman model of unusual lines. Ex
actly as pictured. . Made of very good Trtack silk plush.
Large shawl collar. Self covered buttons on cuffs
and down sides. Belt in front. Two pockets. Lining
of famous Skinner's Satin in tan shade. All sizes 16
to 16. A wonderful coat at the price we ask -$39.50
DAY MONDAY "LABOR
A Nation-Wide Institution
1
" '. i
' ty V
. t . 1
1 j
'
fv- , " i 'v--' . 4:,.-
& j
PAGE THREE
PENNEY COMPANY A Nation-Wide Institution
Falls Winter
19 19
NEW YORK CITY
Style Silk Plush Coats
'7 r1
x V f
1 ; :
1
COAT NO. 8 A Dolman model, certain to be a style
pacemaker. Exactly as pictured. Made of rich and
beautiful quality Baffin Seal - plush. Dyea raccoon
collar and cuffs. Inside pocket. Belt across front.
Enhanced lo Deauty by Its appropriate lining of bro
caded satin. All sizes 16 to 46. An ultra-fashionable'
coat. Our price only . $59.0Q
COAT NO. 7 Exactly as pictured in the semi-Dolman
model.' Predicted a.'style: leader. Made of black silk
plush. Dyed opossum collar and cuffs. -Two large
pockets. Beautifully , lined with good quality . fancy
silk. All sizes !l6 to ('46. A very modish coat at our
low price .$49.50
HERE
Wt
For the Men
We carry a complete line of the Best Clothing,
Shirts, Shoes and Furnishings. We positively save
you money.
DAY"
J. C PENNEY COMPANY A Nation-Wide Institution
O
3
2
o
o
1
2
r
2
3
O
3 V
PAGE FOUR
TIIE BISBEE jJAILY REVIEW
SUNDAY, AUGUST 31, 1919.
arte HK&bzb 33aUy 2teuhai
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated
Publishing Company
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to
this paper, and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also
reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month '. ? -80
Six Months 4.00
Twelve Months 7.50
Sunday (our Weekly) Per Year 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make all
checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring sub
scriptions for more than one month may secure them by advising The
Review office.
COCHISE COUNTY'S ROADS
IT IS QUITE OBVIOUS that the Cochise county road question
cannot remain in the present chaotic condition brought about
Oy the peremptory letter of Supervisors Roberts and Adams to
State Engineer Maddock breaking off relations with that official
in handling the 75 per cent road fund in this county. The state en
gineer took prompt action in accordance with the supervisors' letter
and withdrew all the state road workers from Cochise county, trans
ferine them to Pima county.
Not only does this seveifince of relations with the state engineer
take .way the state's aid in building the tcounty's highways, but it
also threatens the loss of all federal assistance. The two combined
would mean a knock-out blow to the county's ambitious road progrjam.
Action must be taken and taken, at once to conserve the county's
vital interests in this matter.
Chaiiman Adams of the county board of supervisors stated yes
terday thlat the state's handling of funds was unsatisfactory and
wasteful. Supervisor Sparks at Douglas asserted that a wrong im
presbion had gone out in regard to the controversy and that at a
meeting next week a formal statement would be issued making plain
the supervisors' stand.
It is to be hoped that not only will the supervisors succeed in
making their position clear, but that they also will re-esablish some
sort of ie!ations with the state engineer that will permit Cochise
county'! road work to go on unhindered and undelayed. Under the
state liaw, the 75 per cent road fund must be handled under the joint
direction of the supervisors and the state engineer.
In this connection an interesting sidelight is thrown on the case
in nn opinion delivered by Assistant Attorney General Louis B.
Whitney when the supervisors of Maricopa county and the state en
gineer clashed on the question of how the 75 per cent fund should
be expended. Since the opinion was rendered the Maricopa befcird
and the state engineer have reconciled their differences and are
again working in harmony.
Aftei quoting the law on the matter, Whitney, in his opinion,
say 3:
"It is my opinion under the law that any contract made by tho
state e ngineer with reference to the expenditure of the 75" per cent
road tax fund" that is not approved by the board of supervisors is
void.
"It sems to me under the law that this money must be expended
jointly by the board of supervisors and the state engineer, and the
legislature evidently intended that the stkte and county authorities
were tc act as one board in expending this particular fund, and it
appeals to me that if either is to have paramount authority to make
the contiact in the first instance, under his act, the paramount
authority would be vested in the board of supervisors.
'A similar question arose once before in Cochise county and this
office rendered an opinion to the commission of state institutions
under date of March 15, 1918, and in that opinion it was stated:
" 'This department under the plain provisions of the law, can
not recognize these claims as legal claims unless they are incurred
by tho joint action of the board of supervisors of Cochise county
working in cooperation with the state engineer of Arizona."
AMERICANISM ON TRIAL
(From the Chicago Tribune)
SO FAR AS THE DEMANDS of labor for increased wages are
made in good faith there is little danger to the nation. Even
where they seem to employers and to the public excessive,
they do not constitute a real danger because they are subject
to reasonable discussion, negotiation, and correction. It is cleur to
every cne, including all employers capable of thinking fairly, that
comli' ions" necessitate readjustments of pay in most occupations, and
amon,j the employing class there is toduy a greater disposition to
meet fair demands than perhaps has ever existed. As a result wage
increases have been arranged in most industries. Often they have
been git nted without demand by employes. In some Oases they have
advanced ahead of the increase in living costs, and generally speak
ing it may be asserted that labor Has accomplished a net betterment
which it will not lose unless economic disaster overwhelms our
country.
The betterment is broader, too, than wage increase. It includes
reduction of hours und improvement of conditions of work. It in
cludes many experiments in profit sharing and shop control, from
which Pie certain to develop lasting changes for the better in the
wag3 earner's condition of work, in his property and command over
the pood things of life.
In nbort, a great advance is under way, and thus far it has been
rational and constructive. Put no thinking man can close his eyes
to tho danger to the common welfare and to the new-won gains of
the wcrker in foe existence in the labor movement of violent rad
icalism. Tho time, of course, is favorable for the preacher of violence,
economic or physical. The world has been employing force in the
lushest possible organization for five yrmrs. Restraints have been
battered down. Systems of law and order have been wiped out. The
minds of men and women of all classes h.ave been shaken by great
questions, old faiths and convictions have been asilailed. Disillusion
and doubt and almost despair have darkened our thought. This is
favorable atmosphere for the extremist, the theorist who sees nothing
but evil in the existing world, the malcontent, and doctrinaire.
So, unquestionably, the American requblic has entered a period
of ir'utl. Our democratic principles, our faith in progress by evolu
tion, in government by the ballot and the rule of the majority in the
protection of law, in individual liberty and private property, are be
ing challenged, and if they are to lie preserved must be intelligently
and vigorously defended at every point.
Wo Have ro doubt of the outcome. Americanism has no reason
J tor bjur the invasion of old world revolutionary ideas. . Organized la
f to feir the invasion of old world revolutionary Idfis. Organized la
i solur -ly ignorant of what Americanism has accomplished or whut
Americanism is, will not allow itself to he captured and directed by
foreign radicalism with Its contempt for individual liberty, for inde
pendent, self-respecting life as the American understands it. for sane
ccmprcmise Und faith in the rule of the majority, for constructive
retovm End humane progress.
THE GREAT AMERICAN HOME
1V1 soRfcN eov
This is The
pESt I could
Do, &oys
I OU PAPA, &iMfcw
J
The wife's Gowe To
XB COUMTRV- Moo RAW! HooRAh!
Here and There in Arizona
HOME LOOTED DOWN
TO COLLAR BUTTONS
NOG ALES, Aug. 30. Robbers enter
ed and ransacked lue home of Joan
Schieimer in Quarry street last night,
stealing clotmug and jewelry valued
at ?2,5o). Entrance to the house was
gained by cutting through a screen
and lilting the latch on a rear window
of the residence.
Alter entering the house the rob
bers partook ot the choicest viends
in the cupboard and changed their
clothes for some of Mr Schieimer s
apparel.
An assortment of valuable jewelry
belonging to Mrs. Schieimer was tak
en. Among the stolen articles of jew
elry are five sets of earrings, two
wrist watches, diamond bracelet, dia
mond brooch and other valuable trink
ets. All of Mr. Schlelmer's clothes,
underwear and hosiery was taken. In
fact the robbers, to use Mr. Sclilei
mer's expression, "left him a collar
button." The police are investigating
the robbery.
BIG LABOR DAY MEET
IS TO BE STAGED
CLARKSDALE, Aug. 30. Clarksdale
residents aro planning to stage the
largest celebration ever attempted in
the Smelting City on Labor Day. The
plans, which have been under consid
eration for some time, have at last
been completed. According to the
present arrangements there will be
aeroplane flights, street sports and a
lengthy boxing card.
Business men of the valley town
are now negotiating with a Califor
nia flyer for a series of exhibition
stunts to be performed on this date,
and it is possible commercial flights
over the valley .will be made. The
arrangements are still hanging fire
but it is believed the final arrange
ments will be completed this after
noon. ,
The day's activities will be capped
by 18 rounds of boxing.
ALLEGED BOOTLEGGER
FACES THREE CHARGES
TUCSON, Aug. 30. Already out on
bail on a charge' of bootlegging, John
F. Mangham was arrested again yes
terday and held on two separate
charges of bootlegging, furnishing bail
in $600 on each new charge. He is
now under total bail of $2,200 for boot
legging. The first of the new charges was
that he brought liquor from some
point unknown into Tucson. The sec
ond, that he brought liquor from a
point unknown to No. 261 North Mey
er street.
Alex Rossi and Andrew Smith went
on his bonds yesterday, each for $600.
Mangham was first arrested several
months ago, in connection with the
alleged theft of booties; liquor from
George Hubbard and Charles Olson,
In which the then Policeman Sessum
was involved. It was charged Mang
ham, in conspiracy with Sestum, made
off with ten cases of the liquor
through a fake arrest of the booth'
gcrs and the seizure of the goods.
It is said by the county attorney
Manghain operated alone when ar
rested yesterday on the new charges.
the pricon, and he urged that some
arrangement be made whereby time
may be deducted from their sentence
Maddock also recommended that a
small amount of pay be allowed to
convicts engaged . in road work, sug
gesting 25 cents a day as a possibil
ity. Wiley E. Jones of the board of pa
roles stated yesterday afternoon that
there was already in existence a scale
of credit for prisoners working on
state roads, and that such men have
always been allowed time off their
sentences. As for compensation, Jones
said that legislative action would he
necessary before this could be done,
as there is no slate fund available
for the purpose.
"I am not in favor of paying state
prisoners for the work they do in
any event," said Jones. "They have
committed wrongs against society, and
in helping to construct roads they are
merely doing something in reparation.
There is such a thing as being too
generous with the state prisoners."
Moore said he had not heard from
the Central Trades Council directly,
it is believed the council is back of
the movement to enforce the law.
START MOVE TO AID
STRANDED AUTOS
PHOENIX, Aug. 30. Reports that
numerous motor cars, mostly from this
state, were stranded between Phoenix
and the coast, met ready action by
the directors of the chamber of com
merce yesterday.
For several days fragmentary re
ports have been received here of au
tomobiles stranded on the road be
tween Los Angeles and Phoenix', par;
tlcularly between this city and Parker
and Ehrenberg. Investigation through
the oil stations along the route failed
to verify the reportw, all stations re
porting conditions satisfactory.
At its meeting yesterday, the cham
ber of commerce appointed a commit
tee consisting of C. 13. Beach, C. O.
Van Valer, H. D. McVay, G. H. Reu
ben, Charles A. Stauffer and W. S.
Goldsworthy to make a thorough in
vestigation of the rumors.
In adJitiom to appointing the local
committee, the chamber wired to the
Auto club of Southern California as
follows :
August 27. 1919.
Auto Club of Southern California,
Los Angeles, California.
Have Investigated rumors of autos
stranded between Phoenix, Parker,
Ehrenberg. Oil stations report that
conditions satisfacto-y but desire you
Investigate between Blythe and Mecca
also suggest consider using route via
Needles and Parker in order to be
close to oil stations.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
MADDOCK SUGGESTS
PAY FOR CONVICTS
Phoenix, Aug. t. In a letter re
ceived yesterday by Percy Milnes, sec
retary to the governor, Tom Maddock.
state engineer, suggests that ; special
compensation- be provided for state
prisoners working on state highways.
A prison road camp, is being com
pleted near Superior, and a large force
of convicts will b worked on the
Miaml-Snnerinr road. Maddock said
'These men detene more credit than
t their fellow convicts who remain in
EIGHT-HOUH WOMEN'S
LABOR TO BE ENFORCED
TUCSON, Aug. 10. Protests against
the abuse in Tucson of the eight-hour
employment law by certain employers
of women has resulted in definite de
cision at the county attorney's office
to clean up the situation.
'The law applied to mercantile
houses, confectioners, bankers, laun
dries, hotels, restaurants, telephone
and telegraph employes." said County
Attorney Moore,. In such places the
law provides lor working women no
mure than eight hours in any day or
56 hours per week, with the eight
hours to be performed within twelve
hours.
"It also provides that the employer
post in a conspicuous place in every
room- where the ( women are employed,
a plain notice giving the hours of be
fginning und ending work and the time
for dinner or other meals and the
maximum hours of work ;an female
is permitted to work in any one day."
Tim first auitatliin' aaainst the abuse
I " -
I of the law was a feature of a resolu
tion at a recent meeting-of theCen
tral Trades Council. Although Mr.
AWARD PLUMBING BIDS
AT INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL
PHOENIX, August 30. W. L. Greer,
a Phoenix plumber, has been awarded
the contract of installing a heating
plant for Campbell cottage and Ross
cottage, the girls' and boys' dormi
tories now under construction at the
Fort Grant industrial school. The
contract was let yesterday by the
board of directors of state institutions,
following the opening of bids in
which Greer appeared as very much of
a dark horse.
The bids were as follows:
Machinery and Electrical
Co $16,400
Corbett Hdw. Co., Tucson 15,395
Dovle Bros., Phoenix 15,617
C. W. Gould, Tucson 16,047
W. L. Greer, Phoenix, 8,792
Certified checks filed by the unsuc
cessful bidders were returned without
comment.
To Korrick and compapy of this city
the board awarded a contract to sup
ply the boys of the industrial school
with Boy Scout hats, and also one for
supplying suits to the guests of the
pioneers' home. These suits were
made to measurement, and each will
bar the name of the pioneer for whom
intended. Mixed goods of a modish pat
tern were selected In preference to a
uniform grade.
ARIZONA'S EMERGENCY MART
S CUTS NOGALES PRICE
NOGALES, Aug. 30. At the field
infantry emergency market establish
ed yesterday green stuff was sold
as below, a profit varying from 16 2-3
to 33 1-3 per cent being charged on
different articles to cover overneaa
and a fair net balance:
Cents
Cabbage, per lb 3
Squash, each . , 5
Muskmelon, each 10
Watermelon, pr lb ,- 2
Tomatoes, per lb 8
(2 lbs. for 15c.)
Green pepper, 2 doz. for ....15
Cucumbers, per lb : 6
Sweet corn, per doz 25
Onions, per lb 4
THE ONCE-OVER
By "Griff"
BRTAKf
, It will be a cause for universal gratl
ification that before we "break the
heart of the world," we have succeed
ed in breaking the railroad strike
FIX 'EM
Before we start fixing prices to
cut the H. C. L., we would suggest
that the administration officials "fix"
the profiteers and fix them plenty.
HIGH COST OF LOVING
Better do your fall loving early,
boys and girls. Diamonds, accord
to the experts, will be $1,000 a ca
rat before Christmas and engage
ment rings will go up in proportion.
AU NATUREL
That Parisian stockingless fad never
got very far with the girls in New
Jersey and Pennsylvania. Why? Mos
quitoes. In fact, not only stockings
but pantellettes with a draw string
around the bottom are de rtgeur in
those two states.
WOLF TRAPS SAID TO BE
MENACE TO TRAVELERS
PHOENIX, Aug. 30. Charging that
wolf traps have been placed so close
to the road as to prove a menace to
children and other passersby, a com
plaint has been filed with the attor
ney general's office by A. M. Macnab
of Parker Canyon.
The writer recites instances where
dogs have been caught In the large
steel traps which were placed with
in a few feet of tne public highway,
In one case a man's foot wasalmost
caught in one trap while attempting
to release his dog from another. An
investigation is now being made to
determine whether the traps were set
by officers of the forest service or
by hunters working under M. E. Rlus
grave. federal inspector of predatory
animals.
NEW OPERATORS TAKE
v OVER AN OLD MINE
PRESCOTT, Aug. 30. Victor Min
ing company, through Mark 'Bradley,
general manager, has closed the deal
tori the . Independence claim, near
Walker, Amos Swigert selling. This
deal means that lor the first time
in it s history' the property is to be
operated on a large scale and with
improved facilities, the original
method of handling its product be
ing by tn arastra in the early 60's,
when its furnace ores were free milling.
FASHION NOTE
Out of respect to our old friend,
High Cost, the modistes have de
creed that styles this winter shall
be simple. Our experience has
been limited, but what from what
little we have had, we've found
that the "simpler" the costlier.
BURLESON TO STICK
Washington reports that in defi
ance of Democratic leaders' wish
es, the president will keep Mr.
Burleson on the job. We'll have
to hand it to the chief executive
for one thing. The bigger his
handicap the fcloser he clings to
it.
MAY BREAK CHARM
The president has always claimed
thirteen is his lucky number. But it
looks as if a little matter of thirteen
senators were about to prove a hoo
doo so ar as the treaty is concerned.
WILL POWER
A good many men in this fair
land of ours are really demon
strting for the first time their oft
repeated boast that they "can take
it or leave it alone."
STYLE SHOCK
A Kansas editor just back from
Paris reports that apparently the rash
ion this year is to cut off as much at
the bottom as possible and as much
at the top: then tie as small a string
as possible about- the middle and call
it a costume. Well, It's been women's
habit ever since Mother Eve to claim
they have "nothing to wear."
SAVING THE EAR DRUMS
One's nerves In this high alti
tude are apt to be a trifle jumpy,
but in our opinion some sort of
muffler ought to be put on the
soul-harrowing shrieks of the
street car klaxons, and one blast
from that noon whistle's raucous
wail instead of three ought to be
sufficient.
WHAT KIND OF FRUIT?
Attorney General raimer says the
campaign against the high cost of liv
ing is "bearing fruit." We wonder
If he refers to the Plumb railway
plan?
The principal feature of this
Plumb plan seems to be to shake
the tree when the shippers and
traveling public aren't around to
get their share.
REAL CUSTARD PIE STUFF
If Charles and Doug and Mary want
a screaming comedy film drama, why
not have Mr. McAdoo write a scena
rio on government operation ot the
railroads?
SPIRIT CONTROL'S MISCUE
"I seem to see that there will
be no sickness, but much money
coming your way," said the Lowell
clairvoyant to the young stranger.
"That's funny," said the stran
fer "I'm the new doctor here."
"Oh, that explains it. My con
trol told me you were a Christian
Scientist."
FIGURE IT OUT YOURSELF
It seems from the president's itin
erary thai, he is going to carefully
avoid the border on his trip west. And
yet, the Mexicans seldom kidnap any
one on this side of the line except at
Douglas.
If the Mexican bandits will hold
two U. S. aviators for $15,000 ran
som, how much would they ask
for a real, live president?
EXTRA1 EVTRAI TRAIN HELD UP
So far the only interference with
the "Deportation Special No. 2" has
come from a bewildered cow which got
on the track the other day in a seem
ingly determined effort to commit sui
cide. The train had to stop while
they 6hooed Bossy away. Some class,
we'll say, picking out a "de luxe" train
to be run over by instead of a mere
freight.
A VITAL SPOT
"Shot In The Melon Patch."
reads a headline in the usually
careful Chicago Tribune. Which,
we imagine, is rather more serious
than being hit in the front yard.
WILD WOMEN, TOO
....It begins to look as If wildcat stock
had done Its share ln making some
of our wild men wilder.
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago Today in Bisbee
(From The Bisbee Daily Review of Sunday, August 31, 1902).
One of the hottest shows that ever
struck the town was pulled off In the
Bisbee opera house, Friday night. It
was called "The Ladies from Mex
ico" but botisted of blue blood from
Boston. Ben Moore was wearing
Irish whiskers to evade the officers
after the show.
f
The Chinamen who come in from
Charleston and Fairbank with their
vegetables look like walking arsen
als. The artillery is to guard against
Mexican highwaymen.
The new engine at the electric light
plant wr.3 christened yesterday "the
Edith" by Miss Edith Jordan. Bou
quets if violets were used Instead of
champagne.
George B. Ellison, manager for the
Bisbee Improvement Company will
leave soon for Colorado Springs for
the benefit of his health.
I. L. Merrill of the Calumet and
Arizona company, left on Friday for
Tucson.
F. L. Smith, manager of the Bisbee
baseball team has been taken to the
hospital suffering with pneumonia.
to
A. Newman of the Fair west
Tombstone yesterday on business.
The monthly expenditures of the
Cananea mine exceeds $500,000. Some
months have run as high as $600,000.
William Truax, who sold out the
Fish Pond restaurant two months ago,
has returned to Bisbee and is ar
ranging to open the New England
Kitchen.
One of the recent additions to the
Copper Queen mines are the electric
rotary pumps thut are to be used to
pump back to the tanks from the
cooling vats from which point the
water is used over again for the
furnaces.
The republican central committee
for Cochise county will be the at
traction at the opera house Monday
evening. From present indications
this should be & show worth seeing.
There will be no admission.
Excellent reports are coming in
from the Easter Sunday mine. A
shipment of two cars from this mine
was sold to the Copper Queen mine
which run $170 per ton.
The Golden Era group of five
claims has just been patented and is
being worked now with a view to de
velop the property. Will Goodrich Is
superintending this property which
is situated adjoining the Easter Sunday.
WHAT OTHER PAPERS SAY
A CASE IN POINT.
New York Tribune.
Money, by itself can buy neither
fame nor influence any more fhan
it can buy true enjoyment. All these
lhincs must come from the directing
mind. And. as we tare gradually learn-j
ing. the mir.d that can create a vast
fortune may be no better than anyj
of the rest of us when applied to.
uoiitics or art or science or good man
ners. It may, indeed, blunder rather
the more cgregiously through over-
confidence as in the case-of Henry:
Ford. ,
THE COMING OF LORD GREY.
'Philadelphia Public Led re r
There is little likelihood that . the
iipntile of the United States will fail
to appreciate the significance of the.
selection of Lord Grey as British am
bassador or that of Lord Grey him
self will fail to fulfill the high ex
pectatious thot will atteud'his com
ing. The long delay in filling I he
varf.int post at Washington was due
to the anxiety of the British govern
ment to find a representative worthy
of the post and one qualified to main
tain and cultivate the close relation
ship and good will between these
kindred nations, relations which are
so essential to the ptiace and progress
of the world.
DEFEATS FOR WILSON.
New York Sun.
, .The. record of, elections since 1916,
has1 been one; of 'general and unre-.
lieved defeat for the democratic party
in which President Wilson is the
sole outstanding' figure. No major
political party in America has ever
been more completely dominated by
one individual than the democratic
party has been by Wood row Wilson,
aud its defeats have beeu detents for
him aud his projects. SUNDAY, 'AUGUST 31", 1913.
THE 3ISSEE DSIEY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE
-t
(
REVIEW WANT AD
For Sale
FOR SALE Ford touring car In first
class condition; good rubber all
around. Price, $37". Easy terns
arranged; can be seen at Ford gar
age, Johnson's addition. 298-8-SOtf
FOR SALE Five room. 2-story frame
bouse, 213 B, Opera; electric lights.
Water iur.ide and it; good loca
tion. Leaving town. Call after 6
p. m. 28-9-5
FOR SALE! Relinquishment of 160
acres o fland cheap; house, well. 15
acres fenced in; 3d house from car
barn, Warren, right hand side.
f 286-9-5
FOR SALE Three room house fur
nished, with lot. Wlawood addition.
Inquire Mrs. B-nko Quick sale.
289-9-5
FOR SALE Honey, by M. D. Van
Hulen at Warron, near Wr.rren nine
Phona Red 287. 26S-A30
FOR SALE Four rooms and bath,
sleeping porch; also furniture. Yel
low house next to old school house,
Van Dyke street. Warren. 255-9-3
FOR SALE Eight room furnished
house; the best investment in the
district to the right party. Close to
mines and machine Bhops. 51 Jag-
gerville. See owner, Hossinger, P.
D. store, Lowell. 253-Atf-27
FOR SALE Nicely furnished house
in Warren; 7 rooms, sleeping porch,
garage. $600 cash, balance pay
ments. Phone 748. 249-8-31
FOR SALE 6-room house with bath,
6 lots and fruit trees. Apply Griff
J. Williams, Locklin car stop. Tomb
stone Canyon. 236-8-30
FOR SALE 4-horse power, 60 eye'e,
220 volt induction motor. Bisbee
Daily Review. 209-8-24-ttf
FOR SALE OR RENT One 2-ro. m
furnished house, $350, cash or pay
ments; also for sale 160 acres r.Ic
Neal valley land, good clear patent;
all fenced; good ray ground; 35
acres under cultivation. Inquire 109
Moon ave. 201-9-S
FOR SALE A choice building lot on
Clawson hill. Bruce Ferley, Copper
Queen hotel. 1S5-A-30
FOR SALE 3-roora furnished house,
with bath and all gas connections;
part cash, rest monthly payments.
109 Laundry Hill. 183-A-30
FOR SALEOne second nand -ton
Willys utility truck, in very good
mechanical order; good body, rea
sonable price. Slag Dump Garage.
160-tf-22
FOR SALE Casa Granda valley, 80
acre relinquishment, in fine loca
tion. For particulars, write E. F.
Faulkender, Casa Granda, Ariz.
163-8-31
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewelry Co., Brewery Gulch.
FOR SALE 8-room house, with
screen porch, bath room; nice large
yard with 22 different fruit trees,
and 1 cabin. For agreement see Rad
Moruisch on Cochise Row, on the
same property. 143-9-3
FOR SALE CHEAPT-WIUy-Knight 6
passenger car; in Al condition. Ap
ply Brophy Carriage and Supply o.
tf-7-20
FOR SALE: 6 column Burroughs add
ing machine; in perfect condition.
See Robert Hamilton, with E. A.
Tovrea & Co. . 7-17-tf
FOR SALEOne three horse power
boiler, practically new. .Bisbee Dye
and Cleaning Works . 15-tf-14
FOR SALE Ford touring "car, good
buy; also Ford light truck. Apply
125 Dubaker Canyon. 7-21-tf
FOR SALE
One 5 passenger Cadillac $350
One 7 passenger Winton Six . 750
One Ford chassis .275
One Ford speedster 275
One Buick speedster 375
One 7 passenger Studebaker 1050
One Ford truck, canopy top ,. 400
One Five Passenger Maxwell 425
W. L. SMART, Chevrolet Dealer,
Lowell. 306-8-31
WANTED Good all round carpenter
Apply TtJvreaUs packing plant Mon !
uay luumiiig. ask ior Mr. jones.
329 8-31
FOR SALE Bring me your old car
and trade for a new Chevrolet. The
Chevrolet is fully equipped. A safe
car to buy. A safe car to drive.
Part cash, balance easy terms. W.
L. Smart, Dealer, Lowell. 307-8-31
FOR SALE Furniture of 4 room
boui-3 by piece or lot. Fourth house
south Boulevard on Haviland St.,
Warren. 310-9-3
FOR SALE One buffet, one sanitary
couch with mattresss. Chandler,
112 Mason Hill. 311-9 8
FOR SALE Household furniture:
will sell cheap; must be sold at!
once with privilege renting house
close 10 x. m. u. a. Apply senwartz
Bios. 314-tf8-30
FOR SALE 15 room house, $300, bal
ance same as rent. 1C2 Tenibv Ave.
r'-P - V:!
LOST
LOST On Naco load. Keview book of
statements for subscription. Please
return to Review office. 290-9 3
LOST Gentlemen's gold watch, open
face Elgin movement. Monogram
C. W. C. on back. S10 00 reward.
No questions asked if returned to
Keview. 277-9-5 !
For Rent
FOR RENT Two room house and
taree room apartment. Nicely fur
nlshed; $12 and $15. J. Brown, 102
High Road. 295-8-31
FOR RENT Furnished apartment ov.
er . Independent Foed & Fuel Co.
Mrs. Milner. 294-8-31
FOR SALE New mclern 4 roomed
house and baths. H-rdwood floors
and all built-in effects. P. O. Box
632, Warren or fourth house from
car barns. BUck Kiob View.
292-S-31
FOR RENT 5 room house, 2063 Op
era Drive. Above Henderson's lum
ber yard. 293-8-31
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. No. 3 Curve St.
Opposite convent. " 2S2-S-31
FOR RENT Four roomed, unfurnish
ed house, screened back and front
porch; fenced, chicken yard. 18.00.
Rear Cochise 'umb:i' yard. Fred
C. Saxby. 2919-2
FOR RENT Two rooms for light
housekeeping; light and water fur
nished. Cement block house back
of El Paso house. 271-8-30
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.
162 Temby ayenue. 275-9-1
FOR RENT Three nicely furnished
rooms. 127 School Hill. 276-A31
FOR RENT Five room house partly
furnished with all modern improve
ments, screen porcn. 169 Art Hill,
Tombstone Canyon. 279-8-31
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Upper
Lowell. Inquire at 17 B, Jiggerville.
278-8-31
FOR RENT '.: or 3 furni.md house
keeping rooiis. 74 Ujoet Lowell.
261-9-1
FOR RENT A 4 room l-ccse, com
pletely furnished. Apply 187 Temby
ave, behind Grandview ..26ii-A31
FOR RFNT 3 room hoin-e in f-ont
of Methodist church. 89 School Hill.
a267-8-31
FOR RENT Beautifully furnished
ironi corner room with connecting
bath in brand new modern home.
Also new fire-proof garage. Phone
819 8-30
FOR RENT 10 room furnished ce
ment house; will rent cheap. Ap
ply John Caretto. 248-tf-8-26
FOR RENT Two nice clean room
for light housekeeping; $16.00. Light
and water furnished. No. 16 Tank'
H1IL 251-9-3
FOR RENT Two room house, Tomb
stone uanyon, close in. Inquire I
W. Wallace. 340-9-2
FOR RENT-Garage. Apply D. Play-
fair 00 it.-ii v..
., ,oauu mil. rnone a J I.
242tf-8-26
iOR RENT 5-room furnished house
8 Cochise, suitable for one or two
families. See Edw. S. Martin, 625
Warren road, second door from Dr
Edmundson, Warren. 186-A-30
FOR RENT 3-room house. 83 Young-
"uuu nui ur lammany Hall.
93-tf-19
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house-
"7ms apartments, close in. Jacob
Schmidt building, Brewery Gulch.
11-9-14
FOR RENT 2-room partly furnished
".parcment. inquire 64 Robert ave.,
Mason ave. tf-8-12
FO R RENT Three-rooms furnished
for housekeeping. South Bisbee.
Cart Pily, $15 per month.
207-8-31
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer
close In. La More Hotel, O. K. St '.
near depot. v tf
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms.. No. 3 Bauer
HilL Aug 30
The most complete jot printing
plant In Arizona at your Bervice.
Phone 39. Review.
FOR RENT Four room house with
bath, completely furnished. Adams
addition, above Lincoln school, up
city steps. C. O. Matthews.
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house; 14 Laundry Hill. Shearer.
, 3169-3
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment, gas, long front screened
porch. $15.00, Including waier. Red
771. 328-S3
FOR RENT Two rooms for light
housekeeping; light, water furnish
ed. Cement block house back of
El Paso House. 327-A31
FOR RENT Four room house fur
nished with kitchenette, bath and
large porch. Nice large yard. In
quire B. Blair, 95 Moon ave. 326 S8
FOR RENT Furnished apartment ov
er Independent Feed &. Fuel Co.
Mrs. Milner. 325-8-31
FOR RENT Five room house and
tjbath, yellow house. Mason avenue
car stop. Tombstone Canyon. . Ap
ply A. G. Aacher, Adams addition,
324-9-2
FOR RENT Three oom house with
2 sleeping porches. Furnished com
plete for housekeeping. No child
ren. $25.00. Oscar Peterson resi
dence, rear of L- Wright plate, Lock
lin car stop. Tombstone Canyon. Call
after 5 p. m. 323-9-9
For Rent
FOR RENT Four furnished for rent.
30 Johnson Ave., Johnson add.
322-9-3
FOR RENT Modern 4 room cottage,
furniture for sale. Close in. In
quire at Miller's store, Main St.
321-8-31
FOR RENT One 3 room house,
screen porch. Furnished for light
housekeeping. SO Moon Ave. Phone
645. Mrs. Rains. 320-9-3
FOR RENT Three rooms and kitch
enette with bath; on car line; no
climb. W. E. Baugh, Moon Ave.
' 319-9-3
FOR RENT Beautifully furnished
apartment, one block from drug
store in Warren. Ideal for couple.
Phone 417 in mornings. ., 315-9-8
FOR RENT Two room apartment,
modern, for lady or gentleman.
Loma 39. Laundry Canyon. 313-8-31
FOR RENT Three rooms for light
housekeeping. $20.0; lights and water-
furnished. 31 O. K. street.
312-9-3
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house with kitchenette, $20.00 per
month, 39 Barley Hill. 309-9-2
FOR SALE 4 room house, two lots,
garage. Fruit trees. 300 Hazzard
St., Warren. Phone Blue 200.
305-S-31
Wanted
WANTED Young eirl to assist with
house work. Phone Blue 743. 308-9-2
WANTED To lent a four or five
roomed house compfetely furnished,
in good locality, Bibee or Warren.
P. O. Box 2272 or phone Jfo. 6.
283-9-2
WANTED Second hand i.aby bed.
Address Box SiG7 or phene 535.
269--30
WANTED 3 or 4-room house furnish
ed with bath. Phone 819. 8-29-tf
WANTED Clean white rags; bring
mem m or telephone Review office.
150-tf
WANTED Clean rag3; deliver to the
neview oitice, Main street.
8-13-tf
Miscellaneous
ROOM AND BOARD wanted by sin
gle man. Private family preferred.
State rate. Apply R. M. H., 90, Re
view 57-8-31
WE BUY AUTOS. T.) WRECK We
Duy rag sacks, ca3t iron, rubber,
metals, hides, pelts. Can Arizona
Junk company. Phono 446. 284-tf
KALSOMINING, painting, paperhang
ing, carpentry and general repair
work of all descriptions done. Box
2213, Bisbee. 296-9-5
BISBEE JUNK AND AUTO WRECK
ING CO. Highest ibices for rags,
rubber, metal, iron, hides, wool or
pelts. We buy old autos for wreck,
ing. Phone 54 anl we will call.
Johnson addition, opposite Johnson
Bld- 263-8-28tf
LET PHILLIP DOFFMAN, the tailor
make your suit to order, right here.
Cleaning and pressrag. 8, Allen
block. 171-9-22
SIGN SHOP Phone 610. F. E. Han
cock, Lowell. 9.5
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET, to look
well and fel well; all corsets fitted
by jlnes Warburton. Price $2 50 up
Next to Arizona Grocery store'
Pohne 841. 84-8-3
GS.- HENDRICK. Contractor aud
uuiuer; win Dtuia or alter your
home and sive you money. Box 383
Lowell or leave orders at home - n
South Blsb'e. 195-9-6
BRANCH MANAGER WANTED by
old established Chicago concern. We
furnish full stock of goods, adver
tising matter and equip store com
pletely, in good location , all at our
expense. We allow you to draw out
$175 a month and will also pay you
liberal share of the profits your
store earns. Work may be started
in spare time. No investment or
previous experience necessary. It
you are a hustler and want an op
portunity to make $500 or more a
year, we want you and will pay you
well from the start. Send your ap
plication today, s. Levy, manager,
Dept. ."FX1." S. Franklin St.. Chi
cago, 111. 302 8-31
AGENTS Best seller; Jem Rubber
Repair for tires and tubes; super
cedes vulcanization at a saving of
over 800 per cent; put it on cold,
it vulcanizes itself in two minutes,
and is guaranteed to last the life of
of the tire of tube; sells to every
owner and accessory dealer. For
particulars how to make big money
and free sample, address Amazon
Rubber Co., Philadelphia, Pa.. Dept.
159. 301-8-31
BIG OPPORTUNITY to inane monev
in Texas Oil Fields. We are posted.
Write today. A, Canning Central
Texas Central Producers, 601 Main
St..Fort Worth, Texas. 300-8-31
OPTIONS guaranteed by New York
Stock Exchange bouses limit yoiir
possible leases on stocks. 1 fnsiiVe
your margins without limiting prof
its. Apply, particulars Max Hoss
leiu & Co., 60 Broadway, New York.
299 8-31
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Combination blacksmith
helper and horsesuoer. Brophy
Carriage Co. 230-tf-8-2S
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, No stock markets
- Saturday, August 30 or Monday,
September 1. Holidays.
' WEEKLY REVIEW
NEW YORK, Aug. 30. The same
Influences which hate shaped the
course of the securities market since
the early days of the month, namely,
labor unrest, the high price agitation,
political unsettlement and the foreign
exchange situation, were again upper
most in this week's irregular and re
duced operations.
The strike situation so far as it re
lated to the railroads, assumed more
favorable aspects, however, due to the
rigid attitude of the administration in
the Pacific states, and the conserva
tlve policy of the labor organizations
also offered ground for. encourage
ment.
Further slowing down of general
trade in most sections of the country
resulted chiefly from the uncertainty
attending current " commodity costs
and additional declines in agricultural
exports were traceable in part to the
very unsatisfactory exchange situa
tion.
Bankers have been in further com
munication with their European cor
respondents in an earnest effort to
partly correct exchange conditions,
but thus far little hpadway has been
made. Meanwhile financial institu
tions and their clients engaged in ex
port trade are daily experiencing
heavy losses.
Domestic monetary conditions re
fleeted the preparations now making
to bring autumn crops to market. Call
loans were virtually "pegged" at 6 per
cent, though in free supply and time
money ruled at the same figure, with
scant offerings.
THE GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Aug. 30. The embargo
placed by the United States grain cor
poration on all grain shipments to At
lantic aud Gulfs ports had a depress
ing influence today on the corn mar
ket and was felt still more by oats
traders. An advance of more than $1
in live hog prices went unnoticed and
bear pressure was exerted on corn
prices virtually' throughout the ses
sion, except for an early flurry when
short . covering sent the cum prices
well away from the low points.
Later liquidation, particularly In the
September article, was evident, and
prices sagged all along the line. A
slight rally preceded the close. Corn
closed steady, to 2c net lower,
distant deliveries showing the great
est decline. September finished at
$177 and December at $136 to
$136. Oats lost from 1 to 1 cents
and at the close September pork was
75 cents lower; lard was unchanged
to" 10 cents higher, and ribs unchang
ed to 10 cents lower.
Cash cdrn prices were about 1 cent
lower than yesterday and receipts
were larger than of late.
Oats at the start were inclined to
move with corn, but later developed
independent weakness, the effect of
the transportation (suspension being
greater on oats than on the major
grain. Domestic demand was only of
fair amount.
' -Provisions were higher with the ad
vance in hog values but the bulge
brqught out profit taking sales and ex
cept for lard, closing prices were low
er, pork showing the greatest decline.
WEEKLY BANK CLEARINGS
NEW YORK, .Aug. 30. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $33,056,470 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This
io an increase of $33,839,160 from last
week.
COLLINS A BRETHERTON, Brokers
OATMAN
Bid Ask
Big Jim 10 12
Coundary Cone 2 3
Gold Dust 1 12 15
Sunnyside v 6 7
Telluride , :. 20
Tom Reed 160
United Eastern 440 450
OIL STOCKS
Burklev :. 43
Burk Crest 85
Found
FOUND A dark bey horse, weieht
about 1050. Branded on left hip,
E. P. Owner can have same by
paying for this ad. S. J. Beals, 2
miles west of Hereford. 250-tf-8-27
Female Help Wanted.
Wanted waitress at Warner dining
room. 260-9-2
WANTED Dining room girl. Copper
Queen hotel. 214-8-24-tf
WANTED A white woman about 30
years of age for general house work
for family of two; good wages and
home for right party. Apply Naco
Grocery, Box 24, Naco Ariz.
238-Sept.2
WANTED Experienced bindery girls.
Apply Bisbee Review. 149-tf
Situations Wanted
SITUATION WANTED Experienced
bookkeeper and oft ice man would
like two or three hours' work each
uay; would also work Sundays. W.
E. B.. Review. 9-2
WANTED By .lady, initou . as slen-
opi-aplifr Of DOokteeifer! Have bad
experience aud' can ' furniidi ' good
references. B. M., m3 9th St. loug
las. 2S5-8-31
WANTED By colored woman work
Phone Black 604. 273 9-5
r
WANTED Colored man from over
' seas, honorably discharged, wants
work. Phone Black 604. 274-8-30
LEASED WIRE
Burk Imp. 100
Big Four 125
Duge of Dublin 100
King Eight . 3
Ocean 200
Ranger Central . 150
El Paso Ranger 75
El Paso Burnett 9
Ranger-Burk , 170
Sunshine . 90
Ranger Oil & Gas 4V4
Ranger Rock Island 260
Southland 100
Texas Crude '. .li. 85
Gladstone no
Comanche Home .1.
Comanche County 210
Silver Cycle 145
Weimar m 175
WILL SELL
Subject
25 Ranger Burk 1.80
50 Ocean Oil 2.1Q
50 Comanche Co 2.10
100 Big Four 1.35
25 Silver Cycle 1.60
100 Gilbert True 1.25
100 Texas Crude ZVZ
10 General Oil 30.00
10 Haile Oil ..; 10.5Q
100 Bradley 1.25
25 Ranger Central 1.55
100 Nacozarj Cond 50,
20 El Paso Burk-Burnett 9.00
Hatfield & Bradford
Brokers
H. F. RICE, Manager
17 Main Street Phone 301 Bisbee
Lodge Notices
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Maaonla Mar
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
In Masonic Hall second an
fourth Tuesday of eacF
montb at 7:80 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M.,
Phone 500
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec"y. P. O
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com
Phone 471.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall
Visitors cor
dlally we)
come.
EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres
P. C: FENDERSON, Secretary.
L EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physic!.
SEPTEMBER 6, 1919.
Monday,
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday.
Saturday.
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
3. T. WATKINS, Sec'y F. A. M
W. R. BANKS, E. H. P.
N. C. 3LEDS0E, T. I. M.
I. I. POWELL. ES. C.
T. S. DAVENPORT, . Secretary Cha
ter and Commander?.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
QISBCE LODGE NO. 718.
L.O.O.M.
Meets eTery Friday
night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cor
dially Invited.
I. A. ROSOK,
Dictator
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANIC
Meets in I. O. O. F
Hall First and Thlrc
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 In
brothers welcome
HZ
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 16,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 8:00
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. H. WARBURTON, C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452, meets the Zd
and 4th Satur
days each montb
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
Halt Visiting members cordially In
vlted.
CATHERINE F1NOTTI President,
Box 722.
EFF1E M. JONES. Treasurer.
Box 1021.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretay,
Box 1621.
; KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF -;
! : fj. SECURITY V !
' Meets xin'the first and third Mon
day of each month at Odd Fellows
hall at 8:00 p. m. Visiting members
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, Pres ident
Box 34 S3, Lowell, Ariz.
WINNIE JOWLES, Secretary,
Box 154. Bisbee.
F. J. ATTAWAY, Financier.
Bok 3171, Lowell
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I., Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesdays at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman.
Phone Black 256, PO. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1496. Phone Red 384. '
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Phone 804.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet ever?
second and fourth Tuesday at 7: St
p. m., Finnish hall.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C,
sisters are cordially invited.
R. A. WOOD. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clert
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2ndj
and 4th Tuesday evening of "each 1
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
Phone 719.
OLIVE BAILEY, M. of R. C.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellowp' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend
Hall phone 119. Chas. Pooley, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secy.-
IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Meets First and Third
Thursday of each
month at Medigovlcb
Haa. Visiting Broth
ers cordially invited.
THOS. HASTIE,
SAM VERRAN, C. of P. Sachem.
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
E. B. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
Bisbee Miners'
Union No. 125,
I n t ernationaJ
Union of Mine,
I Mill & Smelter
Workers,
'meets every
Sunday night
at Philadel
phia hotel
bldg., at 7 p.m.
O. E. CALLISON, President. '
P. A. HILLS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE . INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
U O. L. NO. 21a
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall 2nd
and 4th Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting Broth
ers cordiallj
Invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secr
P. O. Eox 426. BlsU.
CATARRH
01 tne a
BLADDER
relieved in
24 HOURS
Each Cap
sole bears t h (Ml QY)
name
r nf coin, trrfmt
CO AL
BOY NOW!
Avoid the inevitable winter
shortage. . With us quality
comes first our service is good
and prices are right.
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
PHONE 630
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 51.
MIDWAY PARK PRODUCE
EXCHANGE
Is in the market for
RANCH PRODUCTS, EGGS. BUT
TER, VEGETABLES. ETC.
Open from 5 A. M. to 11 P. M.
SPECIAL
Watermelons on Ice. Stop your
auto and take a cold melon homo.
J
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon daily. Also $1.25 dinner from
5 :30.to 7:30 p. Regular Board by the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber &. Co., Boston, Cuiuth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOCKS
North Tigre Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG., MAIN STREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
MADAM J. REA KEYS
CLARIVOYANT AND CRYSTAL
READER
BORN, NOT MADE
The wise man Investigates, the fool
never does. To which class da you be
long? So positive am 1 of my power
to tell the past, present nnd future,
and exactly what you wish to know
that I wiil make no charge unless you
obtain perfect satisfaction and. find
me superior to all other clarivoyants.
The future can be told. Seek and
you shall find success, harmony,
peace, power and happiness.
Located permanently nxt door to
Iijowell Aaitmff Koom. Office Hours
9 a. m. to 7 p. m. Office Phone 62.
I Residence Phone 621.
DR. PLAYFAIR -Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car 8to
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee-Fuel and
Feed Co.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
Phone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
II. C. AYRES
Contractor and Builder
If you are planning a
home or building of any
kind, estimates .furnished.
NO JOB TOO SMALL
NONE. TOO LARGE
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121 PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY, AUGUST 31, 1919.
Tips of the Town
LEAVES FOR BOWIE '
Miss Miriam Winsor, who has been;
spending several weeks with friends;
in Bisbee, left yesterday for Bowie.'
ON VACATION IN DOUGLAS
The Misses Gwena' Lewis and Bes
sie Wilder went to Douglas yester-j
day. where they will spend a short
vacation before (assuming their duties
in the public schools of that city.
RETURNS FROM TUCSON
Miss Charlotte Campbell has re
turned fr6m Tucson, where she has
been visiting her grandparents, Mr.
and Mrs. McCormick.
CHANGE IN LIBRARY HOURS
There has been a change made In
the closing hour and the Evening
opening hour in the Copper Queen
Library Instead of closing at noon,
it will remain open until 1 o'clock,
and in the evening the opening hour
will be extended from 6 to 7 o'clock.
The library will be closed Labor Day
and the new hours will go into ef
fect on Tuesday.
LEAVES FOR COAST
Miss Sarita Gilbert will leave
the coast this evening.
for
VISITING IN DOUGLAS
Miss Emily Steele, - assistant art
superintendent in the public schools,
left yesterday to spend the week-end
in Doug. as.
Y-W GIRLS TO iMEET
The Y. W. C. A. girlg will hold the
regu'ir Sunday afternoon tea and so
cial hour this afternoon.
BIBLE CLASS MEETS
The class for f.ible study met at
the Y. W. C. A. last evening under
the leadership' of Professor South.
This :lass has gradually been grow-,
ing and lat night's session was'
largely attended.'
Y-W GIRLS TO DOUGLAS
Miss MarrJUret Low and Mrs. Va
lerie Ellswick were among Y-W
girls who went to Douglas yesterday
to spend the week-end.
Y TENNIS RESULTS
In the Y tennis mixed doubles
tourney match last evening Potter
"and Miss Paff defeated Smith and
Miss Lewis by scores of G-3, 6-4.
They will meet the winners in the
finals of the McBride, Miss Butler,
Hall, Miss Core match, which is to
be contested this week.
NEW SCIENCE TEACHER HERE
J. C. Epler, new science teacher
in the public schools, arrived in the':
Cllj lasi ill 6 u l. Hum ui-uici. jjc-
side his science cUisses Mr. Epler
will act as assistant physical direc
tor. He will asurue tils duties Tues
day. TO COLORADO
Miss Regan of the
Mercantile company,
for Pueblo .Colo.
Phelps Dodge
left yesterday I
TO LOS ANGELES
John Bonk left yesterday for Los
Angeles on a business trip.
TO CHICAGO
Miss Beatrice Merriette was a
flassenger yesterday for Chicago.
LEAVE FOR LOS ANGELES
Mrs. H. W. Fleming Mr. and Mrs.
Earl V. Thompson and W. Jackson
and sou were among Golden State
limited passengers last night for Los
Angeles. 1
ON VISIT TO DENVER
Mrs. A. Marx and daughter left
yesterday on a trip to Denver.
TO LEAVE FOR COAST.
Walter Roach will be a passenger
tonight ' for Los Angeles.
TO DOUGLAS BOXING BOUTS
Among Bisbee boxing fans who
will go to Douglas tomorrow to at
tend the Chambers-O'Brien bout will
be O. S. French, Charles Toomey,
Stanley, Jack Miller
Charles F. Hawley.
and
Dr.
BACK FROM EL PASO
M. Mainland has returned from an
extended business trip to El Pfciso.
RETURNS FROM OVERSEAS
Lieut. George McNeil returned ;
last night from army service over-!
seas. He received his discharge at
El Paso His wife has been making
her libme with her parents, Mr. and)
Mrs. J. J. Patton of this city during!
his nliBPnre
VISITORS FROM GARCES
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Clarkson oft
Garces, were Bisbee visitors yester
day. FUNERAL OF MRS. REED
Funeral services for Mrs. John
Reed were held from her home in
Warren yesterday afternoon, Rev. E.
W. Simonson of Douglas officiating.
A inrirH number of friends were in'
attendance. ' Burial was in Evergreen i
cemetery.
CLAIRVOYANT GETS DIVORCE
Mme. Rea Keys, the Lowell clair
voyant, was granted a divorce in the
cnnArlnr rniirt nt TnmhRtnnfl vpqtpr.
day by default from her husband. J. j
A. Keys. Keys, who formerly lived
in Lowell, is now In the C. & A. of
flees at Ajo. She charged desertion,
and non-support.
GAS EXPERT HERE
Glenn J. Greene, a gas expert from
Long Eeach, Cal., who Is here install.
ing new apparatus for the Bisbee
Improvement company, is a guest at
the La More botl.
TO LOS ANGELES
W. H. Higgins and Lloyd Crow,
two well-known young men of Bis
bee, left last night for Los Angeies
pn a two weeks' vaactlon.
JOIN REVIEW FORCE
h. Harris and E. L. Bryant, recent
arrivals from El Paso, have joined
the Bisbee Review' TnerTmnTf-nl
partment and are guests ot the La
More hotel.
BACK FROM
KANSAS
i r reel uean or the El Paso & South
western, has returned from a visit
with relatives in Kansas.
AT LA MORE
Recent arrivals at the La More
hotel include George W. Hoshan of
Kpnsas City, Mo.; G. A. Boggers of
El Paso, and Charles S. Ream of
this city.
RETURNED FROM OHIO
C. McAleer, one of the engineers
on Sacramento Hill, has returned
from a visit in Ohio.
RETURNS FROM NAVY
R. H. Stables of Nogales, who has
just returned from service in the
navy, is stopping at the La More
hotel.
JUDGE WINTERS IN TOMBSTONE
Justice of the Peace J. L. Winters
of Lowell, wias in Tombstone yester
day on business before the superior
court.
CASE POSTPONED
The preliminary hearings against
Tom Larrieu and Ramon Quijada,
charged with the attempted murder
of Henry Gray and a companion
known ha "Dutch," in the Whetstone
mountains several weeks ago have
been postponed until a later date ow
ing to the absence of County Attor
ney French and Attorney W. G. Gil-
more for the defense on the deporta
tion cases in Douglas.
LEAVES FOR TEXAS
G. C. HendriCKs of Bisbee, who is
doing some construction work at
Fort Huachuca, left last night for
Camp Travis, Texas, on a brief busi
ness visit.
IN TOMBSTONE
Eugene Stephens of Bisbee was
jfmong the visitors to the county seat
yesterday.
RETURNED HOME
Mrs. V. G. Mellgren returned to
Tombstone yesterday afternoon from
Bisbee, where she brought her young
son to be operated upon.
T' ..l , . " ' t
, A" " "l 17IUU8' ws, ,
" u"
HERE ON BUSINESS
J. H. McPherson of Tombstone,
made a brief trip to Bisbee yester
day between stage? attending to
business matters.
ENTERTAINS FRIEND
Mrs. tnaries Roberts entertained
at her home on Friday evening in
honor of Mrs. E. W. Linden, who is
leaving Bisbee soon to make her
home in California.
AT COPPER QUEEN
Arrivals yesterday at the Copper
Queen hotel included: George W.
Kni'ht, El Paso; George P. Stov
all, Superior, Arlz.jH. Granas, Los
Angeles; O. B. Marston, Phoenix; M.
I. McKelligon, city; W. Wenstrom,
Boston; H. B. Epler, Greeley, Colo.;
C. J. Sellers, Tucson; W. P. Steven
son, Lea Angeles; Lou Housley,
Douglas; J. C. Phalen, Tucson; John
McBride and two sons, Tucson.
ACADEMY TO OPEN
The school of the Sisters of Loret
to will open for the fall term on
Tuesday, Sept. 2. There will be
nine sisters on tha teaching staff
and both a day andooarding school
will be conducted. Last yrtar there
were about 200 pupils, which number
it is expected will be exceeded this
year.
TOMBSTONE CLOSES LABOR DAY
Monday will be Labor day, a na
tional holiday, and all public offices,
stores and business houses in Tomb
stone will remain closed for the day,
in order to allow observance of the
day by employes and everyone in
general i oniDsione win spena me
aay quituy. wany win motor to tne
nearby mountains to spend the day
among the pines, while others will
K to nearby cities to spend the day.
still others spending a quiet day at
home.
WARREN CiRUUK
Morning worship Sunday at 11 a. m.
Sunday school meets promptly at
10 o'clock.
Services are held in the White Hall,
opposite the C. and A. office building.
Preaching service at South Bisbee
at 8 p. m.
Sunday school at 2 p.m.'
Preaching service at Don Luis Wed
nesday at 7:30.
Sunday school every Sunday at
0: 30 - m
THOS. A. MITCHELL,
Minister.
Palmer and Woods
To Sleet In Tucson
It is now definitely settled that Kid
Palmer and Happy Woods will meet
at Tucson on September 16 as the
main event on a card to be staged
there by Art Shannon for the Tucson
Athletic club. The match was an
nounced early this week but due to
a misunderstanding over terms, final
articles of agreement were not signed
until yesterday evening when the last
telegrams were passed between Doug
las and Tucson.
Eighty-five per cent of the melon
crop of Imperial Valley, California, is
raised by Japanese.
NO III UNTIL
If TO BE
RECEIVED HERE
Despite Strike's End, Mail In
Coast Cities Is So Congested
That There Is But Slight
Possibility of Arrival Today
No California mail until Monday
afternoon was the prediction yester
day of Postmaster Lee R. Bailey.
Despite the ending of the big railroad
strike the poastmaster believes that
the congestion of mail matter will
preclude the possibility of Bisbee get
ting its regular Sunday mail from Los
Angeles this afternoon.
"Although I have no official infor
mat ion to that effect," said Mr. Bai
ley yesterday, "I would advise Bisbee
people not to expect any mail from
California until after 2 o'clock Mon
day, and no bulk of back mail in any
quantity until Tuesday. I expect it
will be a matter of ten days or more
before the California mail service
will be restored to normal.
"The mail congestion both in Los
Angeles and Yuma is terrible, I am
informed. In Yuma there is so much
nft.il matter held up that several re
frigerator cars , have been pressed
into service to hold it all. I do not
see how it will be humanly possible
under 'be conditions for mail from
California points In any quantity to
get through to Bisbee until Tuesday
at the, earliest."
With the resumption of trains, the
ticket selling embargo to coast points
was lifted yesterday at the El Paso
and Southwestern station. A flood
of applications for reservations to the
coast resulted.
The first train to leave Bisbee in a
week for California' was the Golden
State Limited which pulled out last
night loaded to the gunwales.
Y Swimming Meet '
Results In a Tie
In a hotly contested swimming meet
held in the Y. MT. C. A. tank yesterday
morning between the Tunas and Bass
of the intermediate classes, the result
was a point tie. The meet was held
under the dirction of Doc Matthes as
a workout for the coming competition
with thfc Douglas fish in that city. The
results.
Class A events Forty yard dash,
won by Mark Medigovich, Joe Cain;
second; time 30 seconds.
Twenty yard dash, won. by Leonard
Cunningham, Ray Hartsfield second;
lime 23 seconds.
Underwater swimming events won
by. Joe Cain, swimming 199 yards, and
Leo Medigovich, swimming 129 yards,
Leonard Cunningham swimming 15
yards and Fenton McKenna swimming
10 yards.
Eighty yard relay race won by Tuna
tesm, consisting of Mark Medigovich-,
Fenton McKenna, Leo Medigovich.
Leonard Cunningham; time, 2 min
utes, 30 seconds '
Joe Cain won over Leonard Cun
ningham in the individual underwater
race, by swimming 20 yards under wa-.
ter; time, 22 seconds.
Forty yard relay race won by the
Bass team, consisting of Joe Cain,
John Brown, Ray Hartsfield, John Ba
ker; time, 80 seconds.
Class B Events
Twenty yard dash Tom, Ewing
first, John Hartley second, Ray Hart
ley third, William Hutterman fourth;
time 60 seconds.
Forty yard relay race, Clemo Mc-
Kellum first. Earl Dooley second, John
Burns third, Chester Kandle fourth;
time 95 seconds.
First underwater event won by
Chester Randle, swimming 10 yards
in 20 seconds.
Second underwater event won by
Clemo McKellum, swimming 9 yards
in 20 seconds.
Hubert Delloff, Lester Gilman,
judges ; Doc v Matthes, timekeeper and
8 tarter.
Popular Songs For
Columbia Records
The :ecords made for Columbia
this month include "Beautiful Ohio"
and "Till We Meet Again," two of
the most popular songs in the
United States today, played as
waltzes by the Kalaiuki Hawaiian
orchestra. These melodies lend
themselves very well to the playing
of this Hawaiian ensemble, and
these records give a volume of
tone hitherto Unequalled in Hawai
ian selections.
"The Music of Wedding Chimes.'
sung for Columhia by the Peerless
Quartette, proves once again that
well-known truth which about a mil
lion of our youths and maidens
demonstrate afresh every year that
there is no other music to equal It.
There are chiming bells throughout
the accompaniment, but the singing
is the most important part in this
selection, and it is not what is known
as a chimes record. On the re
verse Henry Burr sings "Dear Old
Sue," a love ballad of the old time
sweetheart kind.
"My Little Sunshine," sung by
Charles Harrison, Is a song that
radiates love, happiness, joy and
youth. It's just a simple little love
song of the sort that makes every
one Join in the chorus. This- song
Is coupled with "How Can You Say
Good-bye?" sung by Irving and Jack
Kaufman. This duet has a catchy
melody and is by far the best effort
yet of this comparatively new com
blnation. Adv.
High Cost of Living
Or White Mule to
Blamefor This
An aged and decrepit horse, ap
parently tired of life, or a victim of
the Lowell brand of "white mule,"
deliberately walked out on the high
trestle over Lowell's main street
yesterday morning and after exect
ing what looked like a death dance
ended it all by leaping to his fate
on the hard pavement below.
The old horse managed to climb
the railroad grade at some point
and followed the rails until he was
about half way across the trestle.
Then he. appeared to lose his bal
ance or to get dizzy, for he began
some erratic side .steps that soon
ended with the majority of his legs
through the trestle ties.
After a vain struggle to -regain
his footing the old horse made one
mighty spring far out . from the
trestle and broke his neck on the
pavement below. A large crowd, in
cluding an aged Mexican, the heart
broken owner of the animal, saw
its jump to death. t
U.S. OF
TENNIS TITLE
FOREST HILLS, N. Y., Aug. 30.
All danger of the 1919 national turf
tennis singles championship going
abroad at the end of the season was
removed here today with the elimina
tion of the last of the foreign compe
titors in the thirty-eighth champion
ship tournament of the National Ten
nis Association. The completion of
the fifth round found three eastern
and one western racquet experts still
in the running and given fair weather
the new title holder will be evolved
from among William. M. Johnston of
San Francisco, Wallace F. Johnson",
William T. Tilden, II,. both of Phila
delphia and R. Norris Williams of
Boston. Of this quartet two are pre
vious holders of national titles. Wil
liams won in 1914 and 1916 while
Johnston was crowned champion in
the 1915 tournament.
Rushing Completion
Fairbank Highway
I. T. Fraser, division engineer, ar-
r:'ved in the district last night and
will assist in the work of completing
the surfacing of the state highway
into Fairbank. Everything will be
done, he says, to leave the state high
way in excellent shape and as nearly
finished to the bridge over the San ;
Pedro as possible. No bills will be ap
proved by the board of supervisors
for any work done-after Sunday, Aug
ust 31. and Mr. Fraser says they will
work Sunday in order to complete as
much 38 possible of the work. ;
AID ALBANIANS AS
' "MIRACLE MEN"
SCUTARI. American doctors are
called "miracle , men", .by the Albani
ans. There are queues all day long
outride relief headquarters. About
half of the visitors want medical at
tendance. The other" half want some
thing else, but they are certain the
"miracle men" can fix it.
Business Locals
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison.
The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
SPECIAL SALE ON
SCRATCH PADS
Now is your chance to get some cf
those scratch pads that you have been
wanting, a much needed article in
every store and office. . Let us supply
you with a quantity of these at a" bar
gain price. Call at The Review office,
or phone 39. ' tf
T will nnt h raennnnlhla for anv
good purchased by any one whomso
ever except by myself in person.
243-8-31 FRANK GUERRERO.
PAINTING AND PAPER HANGING
A. R. Wilson. Phone 325. Superior
House, Lowell. 257-9-3
NOTICE
Have sold my interest In Mother's
Kitchen and bought out the Palace
Kitchen: nice large dining room and
will be able to accommodate 75 at one j
time. Fine cook. Alexlna G. Gusty.
Tombstone, Ariz. 303-9-3
NOTICE
The Warren-Lowell Stage Line, for
merly operated by Wm. R- Cole, has
been sold and delivered to O. J. Nel
son, R. C. Laney ana -. A. Caston, a
co-partnership. Their application to
purchase this stage line has been
granted by the Arizona Corporation
Commission and all rules and regula
tions imposed have been fully satis
fied. "
WARREN-LOWELL STAGE LINE,
By F. A. Caston, Secy. 318-9-11
Mr. John Reed and family wish to
express their thanks to all kind
friends nd neighbors, especially Mrs.
Armstrong and Lena, Mrs. Richard
son and Mrs. Grant for their kindness
and sympathy during our trouble and
loss; also those who sent flowers.
JOHN REED.
ELLA RETTD.
GLADYS REED,
WALTER REED.
Mrs Lulu George has sold the John
son hotel to Mrs. A. Klaw. The Rex
Arms apartments, formerly the Brooks
apartments. Will run first class
honse. 304-8-31
SHERIFF RAIDS
FORTH A
Swooping down into the so-called
"White City" district of Fort Hua
chuca early yesterday morning a
posse headed by Sheriff James Mc
Donald staged a wholesale raid on al
leged houses of ill repute. Seven
negroes were arrested and taken ;to
Tombstone. A number of ngro troop
ers of the Tenth cavalry who also
fell into the deputies' net were releas
ed to the provost guard at the fort.
The initial purpose of the officers
is said to be a bootleg bust. When
no liquor was found they devoted
their attention to a wholesale clean
up of other illegal traffic.
Deputies MUkiff, Palmer and Day
assisted Sheriff McDonald in the raid.
The negro civilians placed in jail will
be arraigned Monday on chargeB of
lewd conduct.
Although the so-called restricted
district at the fort was supposed to
have been eliminated some time ago,
the "White City" is said to have been
running as wide open of late as in
the old days. Persistent reports and
complaints of activities there led to
the sheriff's action.
Bisbee Cubs to Play
Benson and Wilcox
This morning the Bisbee Cubs and
a crowd of loyal supporters left for
Benson, where they will take on the
Benson team today and the Willcox
nine Monday, Labor Day. The Cubs
are in good shape and have put in a
hard week of practice. Another pitch
er has been added to the team.
LYRIC
THEATRE
Continuous 1 to 11
MOLLIE KING
In
"Susoense
A Powerful Screen Version
of the popular Novel by
Isabelle Ostrander.
ALSO
Paramount Mack Sennett
Comedy
in
Two Reels
You'll Want to Hear
Kreisler Play the
'BEAUTIFUL OfflO'
WALTZ
Kreisler hps a gift for express
ing the very spirit of the waltz
and this is one of the best waltzes
in yrfars.
Victrola Red Seal Record. 64817
These eight numbers will prove a
delight to dancers
Two fox trots, "Tell Me" and
"The Vamp," by Joseph C. Smith's
Orchestra. The' latter: la different
in melody and harmony from any
thing you ever heard. Ask for
18594. J . ,- '
Some novel "stunta" In "Fidgety
Feet." One-Step tand: "Lazy
Daddy" Fox Trot, played by the
Original Dixieland Jaze Band.
Victor Record. 18564.
"Peter Gink" One-Step Is a
clever travesty on. Grieg's Peer
Gynt This and "Egyptland Fox
Trot by the Six Brown P roth era.
18562. . . .
"Ruspana" One-Step aad "Have
a Smile"' medley Fox Trot by
Pietro. It is bard to believe one
accordion can yield so much
sound. 18563.
Come in and hear theae aad
other numbers from the new
list of
Victor Records for September
McWborter's
TALKING MACHINE SHOP
Next to Main Annex
DOUGLAS BOUT
MONDAY NIGHT
Matty O'Brien, the champion 142
Iound fighter of Ft. Bliss and that
section of the border, arrived in Doug
las yesterday and is now engaged in
putting on the final training touches
for his fight next Monday night with
Russell Chambers at the E. M. C. at
Camp Jones. O'Brien looks good and
both in looks and actions "bears put
the nice things that have been said
about his ability as a fighter. He is
training at the camp, and seems con
fident of taking back Chamber's pugi
listic scalp when he returns to Ft.
Bliss.
Chambers Is training daily at the
Y. M. C. A., with De Mott and other
fighters, and all his admirers agree
that he is in the greatest condition
of his career
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise, State of
Arizona
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of GEORGE and CARMEN
BURROWS, deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned ad
ministratrix of the estate of George
and Carmen Burrows, deceased, to
the creditors of and all persona hav
ing claims against' the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers within four (4) months
after the first publication of this
notice to the said administratrix at
the office of Messrs. Bauer and
Winters, Attorneys at Law. Lowell,
Arizona, the same being the place
for the transaction of the business
of said estate, in said County of Co
chise. MRS. NORA BURROWS,
Administratrix of the estates of
George and Carmen Eurrows, De
ceased. ;
Dated at Tomstone, Ariz., this 29th
day of August, 1919.
Marinello
ffl Bleaching Mask'Sgl
Makes skin several
shades lighter in one
application. Whitening
Cream, Bleaching Lotion
used at home according to
directions, banish muddi
ness and yellow tinge, leav- '
ing complexion clear and
fat. TTca1 onfi r(v-nm.
mended by more than ip
3ouu .Beauty anops.
Samples and
LOTOS
booklet on
Skin Car (
, FREE
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
Bring them to us. '.
Do it today, then
Get Prints Tomorrow.
BISBEE DRUG CO.
DYEING
Best in Town
CITY: DYE WORKS
Opp. Y: W.CA.
Phone 739
CLEANING
& PRESSING 1
Call for and Deliver
When you pay by check, your funds
are safeguarded against loss you re
ceive an unquestioned receipt -and you
improve your standing in the community.
Make this your depository by start
ing a checking account.
Bank with us.
(SUNBURN
Apply VapoRub
lightly it soothes
the tortured skin.
VICKS VAPORU
'YOUR BODYGUARD"-"505.6020
DANCE
TONIGHT
AT THE FINN HALL
Music by
BISBEE ORCHESTRA
CLUB
DANCE
TONIGHT
Mrs. Sales' Academy
, JAZZ MUSIC
COLUMBIA
GRAFONOLAS
AND
RECORDS
September Records Now
on Sale
Reynolds
Music Shop
All the Records all the time
liiii'Ti1l' l -i m,i,l
EAGLE
THEATRE
Ttoll TODAY 1 toll
SPECIAL
PATHE
Presents
FANNIE WARD
In '
Her Famous Drama
"Our Belter Selves"
Willard-DempseyFiglit
Sunshine Comedy
Tbe Little Widow
V
9
etS.-.TJa'