I
1 A
WrEATHER
METALS
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much tem
perature change.
Load unchanged; spot
unchanged; spelter
unchanged.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 219.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1919.
PRICE nVE CENTS.
'to.' '
pji
it
p
0)
TP
10
10LS
EI
mm
1,11
Pi PI cw
iY
wllnh
X
f
FAILS
TO AGREE 01
RELIEF MEASURE
fP.v Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. Criticism
of President Wilson and Food Ad
ministrator Hoover vas continued in
the senate during debate on the ad
ministration bill appropriating $100,
000,000 for food relief in Europe and
the senate again failed to reach a
vote.
Hope to Pass Measure Today.
Disposition of amendments was be
gun, however, fend administration
leaders hope to pass the measure to
morrow. Rejects Penrose Amendment.
Without a record vote the senate
rejected the amendment by Senator
Penrose of Pennsylvania, republican,
providing ior -distribution of the
fund by a commission to be named
ty the president subject to confirma
tion by the senate and to be respon
sible to congress. The amendment
by Senator Ashurst of Arizona, demo
crat, authorizing a bonus of 60 days'
pay to privates and non-commissioned
officers discharged from the' army
met a similar fate. Senator Ashurst
vainly sought a record vote and said
he would again call np the amend
ment for final disposition.
Senator Townsend of Michigan, re
publican, led the attack on the presi
dent, declaring that his absence was
causing neglect of interests at home
and delaying emergency legislation.
He also asserted that the president
was the only American peace com
missioner and that he was not keep
ing the country informed as to his
plans.
Lenroot Criticizes Wilson.
While supporting the bill. Senator
Lenroot of Wisconsin, republican, said
he was sorry the president had not
remained in Paris when he went
there. He deplored "ostentatious
display" and emphasizing of class dis
tinction, which he said was displayed
during Mr. Wilson's visit, especially
(Continued on Page Five)
TRUST'S
REGIME IS SCORED
AT DENVER IB
CBv Review Leased Wire)
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 22. Secretary
of Agriculture David F. Houston and
Senator John B. Kendrick of Wyo
ming, speaking today at the annual
convention of the American National
Livestock association, in session here,
advocated federal regulation of stock
yards as a measure of protection for
the producer and consumer against
manipulation of meat prices.
Secretary Houston said agricultural
reports from Europe were too indefi
nite to be used as a basis for recom
mending the procedure of producers
with regard to increased production
next year, but urged the' livestock
-men to prepare to supply an increase
in the domestic demand during the
next 20 years based on an increase
In the population of the United States
during that period of 20,000.000 per
sons. Senator Kc-sdrick explained a bill
he has introduced in congress pro
viding for federal regulation of pack
ing houses and stockyards.
E. W. Nelson, chief of the biologi-
(Contlnued on Page Five)
SEN. CLARK RAPS
POWDER MAGNATE
fPr Review leased WireJ
SENATE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. Speaker
Champ Clark declared in the house to
day during debate on the diplomatic
appropriation bill, in favor of every
American soldier being withdrawn
from Russia and the rest of Europe.
He answered criticisms of the course
of Ambassador Francis in Russia, by
saying it came from members ignor
ant of conditions there.
"General Du Pont in a recent inter
view." said the speaker, "said our boys
would be kept over seas for another
two years. He made enough money
out of selling powder during the war
to fill this house with one dollar bills
and he says cur boys will be needed to
help tear dewn barbed wire and police
Europe.
"If the Belgians and French want
(Continued on Pace Two)
U
. 8. MERCHANTiOCAL If
MARINE PLANSCH1MINAL
drawn yp mm
EXECUTIVE
(By Rev-tew Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. The
f
fnrmrt a t inn frr a iwrmanAnt ftrpnitizfl- (
' . . holders of the United Chino Oil &
tion having for its purpose the main-' ,
. . , , V Refining company, now defunct, prove
tenance and expansion of the Amer-.well gToundej criminal proceedings
ican merchant marine was laid here will be brought against 0e or more
today at a conference of represents- of the men who handled the affairs
lives of ship operators, builders and : cf tb company, it was stated last
employes. The meeting was called ! n?fh by Dr- J- p- Teufert, who pre
by Senator Ransdell ot Louisiana, who j slded thet gathering held in the
presented subjects for discussion and!councn ob-amber of the city hall. Tne
who as temporary chairman named , company s operations will be placed
committees on permanent organic- bee the Arizona corporation com
tica and resolutions which are to re-.misio,n with the demand that im
port at the final sessions tomorrow. I1?1 in.vts.gaUn bf madd and lf
Oppose Gov't Ccntrol I criminal liability develops, proseeu-
Commissioner Charles Page of the".n 5 those appearing to be guilty
shipping board, said that body would , " I, '
welcome the advice and assistance ot LA ' fnL Ll
the conference, and other speakers, in- EXrl UP? I
eluding some of the foremost ship
builders of the country, were unanim
ous in declaring opposition to govern-
ment control and operation ot ships '
daring peace, and in behalf of a na-
tional policy of subsidies for ship dpe-;
ration, either by direct payment or by
application of differential rates. They
also demanded relinquishment of gov-1
ernment wage control in shipyards as
a first step toward meeting world and
particularly English competition.
Nation Must Finance Plan
J. W. Powell, vice-president of the
Bethlehem Shipbuilding corporation.
Homer Lb Ferguson, president of the
Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry
Dock company, and Holden A. Evans,
president of the Baltimore Dry Dock &
Shipbuilding company, who spoke for
the builders, emphasized the cost of
building American ships as an insuper
able barrier against any attempt to
establish a merchant marine without,
as Mr. Ferguson said, the nation "pay
ing for it."
Cheaper Building Costs in England
Mr. Powell said that as nearly as
can be calculated the difference be
tween the cost of a ship built in Great
Britain and that of a vessel built in
this country has increased from about
$25 or ?35 a ton before the war to $100
today.
"A greater part of that cost," the
speaker declared, "is due to the great
increase in the cost of labor in this
country. Our wages, set for us by
the government, have gone up 150 per
cent since August, 1917."
Laws Favoring U. 8. Ships Urged
Mr. Ferguson said he favored a sys
tem of allowing American ships rate
differentials in American trade, rather
than subsidies, "since in that way you
pay a ship for carrying goods and not
for just sailing the flag around." Laws
and treaties should be made confin
ing trade between the United States
and other countries to ships from eith
er that country or the United States,
he said.
Ships Equal to U. S. Commerce
"This is the crux, as I see it, of a
merchant marine,' 'he asserted, "and a
proper one 'that insures each country
having a merchant marine commensu
rate with Its commerce. It may be said
this is reactionary. It looks to me
that it would be a very good thing to
react a hundred years to a successful
merchant marine."
Must Be a Dividend Payer
Lewis Nixon of New York, declared
that "unless our ships make money for
us they are of no use." The country,
he said, does not need a merchant
marine unless it is going to be help
ful and earn money.
German Senator's Bill Hindrance
"If the La Follette seamen's bill re
mains as it is, I doubt whether we
can run ships," Mr. Nixon added, "un
less we adopt enlightened legislation
and by some means force a man to
load the American ships before he
loads the others."
S. A. STRIKERS
Itl DEADLOCK
i
BUENOS AIRES. Jan. 22. (BY '
THE ASSOCIATED .PRESS) Both
the ship owners and members of the
Federation of Maritime Workers to
night admitted they were deadlocked
in the negotiations for a settlement
of the harbor strike which has par
alyzed the activities of the port. The
deadlock is over one point insistence
by the maritime workers of the right
to maintain a delegation on all vessels
to arbitrate disputes between cap
tains and crews. The ship owners
assert they will not renew their op
erations in Buenos Aires until this
point is given up by the workers.
The strikers say they will remain
firm in thsir demand.
STOR
0A1TVOO
BD.iSTATE MIME INSP
Should suspicions freely voiced by
the spokesmen of nearly 100 stock-
j shall pass a law amending the pres
ient rule under which the corporation
commission functions. Such law to
specify that the president and treas
urer of every development company
nall hrmdp(, in amnnt
to indemnify stockholders for losses,
that before their reiease frcm
iiabmtv, the affairs of each companv
; 8nau investigated carefully,
After a number of speeches bv
j stockholders, most of whom are
iworkintr men and women of the War-
ren district, it was decided that a
committee of three should be ap
pointed to investigate the company
operations thoroughly and to report
at a meeting to be called later.; The
committee consisted ' of Dr. Teufert,
B. H. Washburn and John K, McRae.
The resolution alsp was "Jotfenea
and adopted that every stockholder
present should sign a petition to the
corporation commission requesting an
Soldiers and Sailors Council
Formed by Tacoma Strikers
(By Review Leased Wire)
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 22. Forma
tion of a "soldiers, sailors and work
ingmen's council" by striking ship
yard and metal workers appeared the
predominant development in the ship
yard strike here today.
To Enroll Returning Soldiers
At a meeting in the labor temple it
was voted unanimously to form the
organization, designed to enroll the re
turning soldiers and sailors as well
as workers in the citfc; lend assistance
to the former army and navy until
they are again employed and prevent
them from taking the places of organ-
j ized men on strike.
I. W. W.'s Included in Organization
The formation of a committee on
organization to consist of five repre
sentatives each from socialist, the In
dustrial Workers of the World and
the American Federation of Labor, !
was authorized
Vote $1 a Month Each Member
The meeting voted to carry back an
appeal to all labor organizations to
1 adopt an assessment of $1 per mem
ber per month for the aid of the re
PARIS, Jan. 22.- (By the Associated
Press.) An official bulletin issued by
the Press Bureau this afternoon says:
"The proposals of President Wilson
were approved, including recognition
by the associated powers of the right
of the Russian people to direct their
affairs without dictation from the out
side. The powers do not wish to ex
ploit Russia.
"The powers recognize the revolu
tion, and in no way countenance a
counter revolution. They wish to serve
Russia unselfishly, and invite all or
ganized groups in Siberia or within
the boundaries of European Russian
as it stood before the war to send rep
resentatives to Princes' Islands to
meet representatives of the associated
powers, provided there is a truce of
arms meanwhile.
"Such representatives will be met
at the place appointed bv February
15.
ALLIES AGREE PURCHASE OE
RUSSIA SHALLOWER CAL. IS
iiH IIStlrNUI PUSSIBLt
8 ARE HOOKED
CHARGES PLANNE
FFICERS GONE
ECTOR Iff OLID
investigation of the company's opera
tions. This carried unanimously and
before leaving the hall, all those
present affixed tyi'ir . signatures to
the petition.
"This company was organized about
nine months or a year ago," said Dr.
Teufert. "It came into Bisbee selling
s?ock on the strength of the connec
tion of ' Jack Bolin, state mine in
spector, who was president. In this
district there are about 200 stock
holders, representing about 450.000
shares of stock.
"The first payment on the stock
was 2V cents a share?. An additional
2 cents was to be collected from
every stockholder whenever oil in
eommerc!r.l quantities was struck.
"I understand that--? well was put
down 900 feet. A few months ago.
although oil in commercial quantities
had not been struck, representatives
of the comnaay came here and suc
ceeded in collecting a large sum in
the form of the additional 2 cents
ner share, offering a bonus in stock
to every stockholder who paid the
amount - at that time. They repre
sented that the stock was to be listed
on an exchange and could be dealt
in. Handsomely engraved certificates
were issued to stockholders. These
we have still."
"A short time back the company
was declared insolvent and a receiver,
E. C. Suman of Prescott, was appoint
ed. He wrote the directors of the
concern, asking them taat fhey
would do to save the stockholders
their money.
"Janiea W. Vau K"u' of Bisbee, a
personal friend of Mr. Bolin, wrote
him asking what the "company offi-
(Continued on Page Two)
turning soldiers and maintenance of
the council.
Approximately 15,000 men are af
fected by the strike.
.8000 Seattle Carpenters May Strike
Possibility that the 8000 ship car
penters, joiners and other woodwork
ers in Washington under jurisdiction
of the Fuget Sound Maritime council
of carpenters, might join the metal
trades shipyard strike, was increased
today by receipt of a telegram from
G. Sanfancon, an international officer
of the Carpenters and Joiners union,
saying the carpenters "could not'af
ford to desert" the metal tradesmen
at this time and that the strike should
be a "united movement." The Puget
Sound Maritime council has ordered
Uie woodworking crafts not to strike
pending a decision of their case by the
war labor board.
Shipbuilding Suspended
The metal trades strike here, which
has virtually suspended steel ship
building, is for a wage scale allowing
?8, $7 and $6 for mechanics, helpers
and laborers respectively. The strike
began yesterday.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 22. Purchase
of Lower California would be an im
possibility under the present Mexican
constitution and would never be per
mitted by the Mexican people. Sa
bastian Carranza. nephew of Presi
dent Carranza. declared here tonight
at a dinner given in honor of Gen.
Jesus Agustin Castro, sub-secretary
of war, who was the guest of Brig.
Gen. James J. Hornbrook here and at
Fort Bliss today. Senor Carranza in
terrupted one of the Mexican speak
ers who referred to the possible pur
chase of Lower California to declare
emphatically that such a move was
impossible.
Fo'.l-n'ng a cavalry review at Fort
Bliss of the famous "Fighting Seventh
Cavalry" and a dinner in his honor
at the University club, the sub-secretary
of war returned to Juarez to
night preiy.ratory to returning fto
Chihuahua City tomorrow.
i
I
W T CHI
HI, Ml
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22. Two con
gressional committees were occupied
again today in hearing witnesses who
were questioned concerning evidence j
brought out at the federal trade com- j
mission's meat nackine inauirv. The
committees have under consideration
legislation providing for government
control of the meat packing industry.
Armour's Salary $25,000 Annually
J. Ogden Armour, president of Arm
our & Co., continued his testimony be
fore the house interstate commerce
committee. He said his salary was
-o.t'00 a year and had never been any
wen any
hieher: asserted that Armr.nr jC- ro
uuiu weicvuie meaiis 10 enaoie live
....
mals at a price based on the cost oi
production; suggested a central -control
cf livestock shipments as a pos
sible means of obtaining this, and re
newed his opposition to a pending bill
to empower the government to take
over control of adjuncts of the packing
Lobby Activities Questioned
Before the senate agricultural com
mittee, Thomas F. Logan was ques
tioned again as to his activities in
Washington for Swift & Co., the
Rt.nPfi Oil inmn.inv rf Indiana n.
OGD ARM
r - .-v.. ...... tea uu me tsosonorus.
other corporations and his friendship Pershing Called to Paris,
with Joseph P. Tumulty, Edward N. Gen. John J. Pershing, the Ameri
Hurley and other government of-Jean commander-in-chief has been
nciais. tne committee also heard scv-
erai muepenaeni pai'Kers.
"Mean3 Gov't Ownership," Armour
Congressmen who questioned Mr.
Armour, paid especial attention to get
ting his views on the probable effects
of the pending bill. Replying to Rep
resentative Snook of Ohio. Mr. Arm
our said he thought the bill probably
ship of the packing industry and he
agreed with Representative Cooper of
Ohio, that if the bill were constitu
tional, there was no limit as to how
far the government might reach out
and invade the realm hitherto occu
pied by private industry.
Cattle Bought on 50-50 Basis
Representative Dillou of South Da
kota, tried to find out how cattle buy
ers determine prices. He drew from
Mr. Armour admission that Armour
& Co. insisted on having an equal di
vision of the cattle offered at markets
where there were only two packing
plants, such as Ft. Worth and Denver,
but the witness said there was no col
lusion, that the purchases were made
on a basis of plant capacity.
"The steadiness of purchase per
centages is not strange, because a va
riance of even 100,000 animals might
make a difference of only 1 per cent,"
he told Mr. Dillon.
Defends Sharp Practice
Mr. Armour defended the practice of
"wiring on" whereby a buyer who fail
ed to obtain cattle which the grower
insisted on shipping to another market
for a better price notifies the com
pany's representative at the new mar
ket of the price he offered. ' .
Foreign Business Separated
Foreign business of Armour & Co.
was said to be entirely divorced from
the parent corporation because it was
desirable to have the companies oper
ate under the laws of the country
where they were located.
S. A. Plants Made Huge Profits
The South American plants made
J10.000.000 last year, Mr. Armour said.
Virtually all of the South American
meat has been shipped to Europe and
Mr. Armour thought there would be
little of it sent to this country in the
near future, especially it a free market
is opened in Germauy, wbch the com
pany hopes will result from the estab-
(Continued on Tage Two)
(OREAEffEROR
DIES-APOPLEXY
TOKIO, Tuesday, Jan. 21. (By the
Associated Press.) Former Emperor
Yiheui of Korea, is dead. He died aft
er a stroke of apoplexy.
Former Emperor Yiheui abdicated
on July 19, 1907. when his throne was
threatened by dissensions in the Ko
rean court. Yiheui. it was said at the
time, was without a friend among the
governments of Europe. He was suc
ceeded by his son Yi Syek, who main
tained the throne until August 25.
1910. when Korea was formally annex
ed to the empire of Japan and the
name of the country changed to
Chosen. Yiheui was 6S years old and
ascended the throne in 1S64. being the
thirtieth in succession since the found
ing of the dynasty in 192.
RUSSIAN L
ATTEND PEA
ERS DESIRE
CE
ill)
OR IN I ERFERE WITH
PAKl. Jan. 22. (By the Associated
Press.) Led by President Wilson.
! ut-r vuuum oi me reai
ctinrAiitii funnel! tr t.&
powers n-uay moved to unite the me-; hich thev had unanimously adopted
Hons of cistracted Russia and bring! was Wilson's Plan,
them into the peace congress. j The final result came after three
Ail Russian Factions Included. j days or continuous discussion of Rus
nuv unanimously adopted a propo-:sia whic'i did not crvstalliz until th
i smon bro.ittt forward by President
I Wilson, ask in ? !i thi Pmsinn r?..
7. . . - -
i - v. - w
n,et
tLe allied and associated gov-
ernments at Prince Islands ia the sea!
cf ilarmcra oa February 15. the con- ! im ro was mu opposition and IhU
tending factions meantime declaring a Pvs HS man.ly on doubts as to
truce and suspending all military op-i wh'ther t1 proposition would be c
eratens , " j certed.
Await Acceptance. I Factions Near End of Resources.
The joint commission of the asso-i In rol,,"' ft was pointed out that
ieiated governments will be announced'
as soon as the Russian factions ac -
cent the proposal which was com -
tnunicated to them by wireless to-
night. The Russian commission will
proceed to the meeting place, prob
ably by warship, by way of. the Black
' i .
called to Paris, and it is expected
that he will 1m th niiiitr,. ,r.,,o
of the American representative of thehi,ch restrain the free circulation or
joint commission.
Wilson Steps to Front.
Aside from the importance of the
conclusions reached it was especially
notable as beinir the first time that
the voice of the United States had
taken the direction in the concert of . now mgnt spirit.
Europe ui powers on the most serious ' tven l t Veulua:S.v the proposal is
European question now pending l not ccePt?J- members or th, council
There was added significance in the' e',rssod the view that their proposi
fact that an American president in q.ntinued on Page Twoi
Bolsheviki Troops Shelling
American Forces at Waga
ARCHANGEL. Tuesday. Jan. 21.
j (By the Associated Press BolsheViki
iruups re neaviiy sneiung me larin
est south positions of the American
and Russian armies at Ust Padenga
on the Waga river, 30 miles south of
Shenkurska. They also are showing
considerable activity west of Shenkur
ska on the Tania river. It has been
impossible to determine whether the
attack will develop on a greater scale.
The enemy has mobilized the peasants
in the vicinity of Vilsk and apparently
is prepared tor a general offensive in
the Shenkurska sector.
Attack U. S. Infantry
Sunday the enemy, under cover of
heavy bombardment, attacked with in
fantry the American and Russian po
sitions at Ust Padenga. The allied out
post withdrew, but the bolsheviki at
tack on the main positions was re
pulsed with heavy losses.
American Artillery Replies
There has been no infantry action
since, though there has been a con
stant rain of shells on the village. The
American artillery is vigorously re
plying. Fly Planes Sub-zero Temperature
Yesterday, flying in a temperature
of 16 degrees below zero, one Amer-
Best Investment Ever Made
Advertising is the Current that turns the Public Wheel of Business.
The Newspaper provides a powerful paddle.
Newspaper advertising hits the spot it's aimed at. It means quick
action. It reaches the consumer with his daily news.
It Is news. It tells you where to go for what you want. It reminds
you of unsupplied needs. It informs you of new conveniences and com
forts, and of improvements in old ones.
Newspaper advertising also does effective team work with the local
dealer, it stimulates his enthusiasm and that of his salespeople. It
strengthens his entire force of employes from the boy who delivers
to tbe owner himself.
The Newspaper is not only an educational factor. It Is a great
economical agent as well.
It helps lower costs and selling prices.
The goods with the most extensive local advertising are the goods
most resnected and sought by the public.
The Newspaper provides a potent and profitable connection between
the advertiser and the goods which he has for sale and the user. It
keeps his merchandise with its message before the public eye in an Inti
mate attention compelling way.
No other medium of any kind can fulfill the mission in the advertis
ing field that the daily Newspaper fulfills. Everything considered, no
other medium can he inexpensive as newspaper advertising. All
other methods are secondary and must bring secondary results.
THE BTSPF.E REVIEW WILL CARRY YOUR ADVERTISING MES
SAGE TO 9S TFT. CENT OF ALL BISBF.E AND SURROUNDING
TOWNS. REVIrrW ADVERTISING IS A KNOWN QUANTITY WITH
THOUSANDS OF INTELLCENT READERS. ITS CIRCULATION IS
TV.T. KND THAT BRINGS RESULTS. NOW IS THE TIME TO TAKE
ADVANTAGE Or THE OPPORTUNITIES WH!CH CAN BE HAD BY
A STEADY. CONSISTENT USE OF OUR ADVERTISING COLUMNS.
PHONE FOR THE ADVERTISING MAN. TALK IT OVER. NOW.
ADERS INVITED TO
CONFERENCE
TO . SERVE,
HER
person had taken leadership in the
; council niado up chiefly ot European
statements and had pointed to a
: final hour
' tmo.. j- ..-.. .v .
i' "' w "S " P' ne naa
.iraied
i s
v nivri
. w u'""'n'
lr contending factions were well
1 -u ni u.,e en'J l UK resources and
! luJl l,uir nw "Kpiy wovia leaa
that their needs likely
. . . . - .
" a combined appeal to
"-" powers.
Four Conditions Laid Down.
Besides the definited projuisal as
given in the communique, -the johit
cc -amission of the associated powers
will lay down Tour conditions Indis
pensable in bringing about an adjust
ment, first, peace at all points: see-
! ,ul- removal of all ecouomic barriers
TAiaukr n Kill ClimilUHUIU
:e ot
between the
factional tones and the
! ou,silU 'or! J: third, general elections
: 011 a representative basis, and fourth.
! M,uu' "iuaie arrangements for the
i payment of debts.
ican airplane bombed the enemy and
secured direct hits on important bol
sheviki positions.
The fighting is going on in cold,
clear weather but the temperature is
so low that it is difficult for the infan
trymen to remain in th? open for any
length of time.
Vologda R. R. Shelled
The bolsheviki also are shelling the
American positions on the Vologda
railway. With the exception of a tew
days early in January, when the allied
forces attempted to improve their po
sitions southward on the Kadish rail
road, and on the Anego sector, the of
fensive on the Archangel front for
several months has been in the hands
of the bolsheviki. They are boasting
that in the vicinity of Kadish they will
drive the allies into the White sea in
March.
Bolsheviki Garrison Captured
Along the Murmansk railway front
the Russian and allied troops yester
day raided the village ot Rugozerka.
50 miles southeast of Soroka. where
they either killed or captured all the
bolsheviki garrison. They took 110
rifles and other equipment and numer
ous documents. The allied forces did
not suffer a single casualty.
NOT TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1919.
AGNATE
QUITS RACING
GAME FOR GOOD
I are outside the zone of any of the
contending factions. They are also
fBy Review Leased Wire) , allied headquarters and are not open
CLE ELAND. Ohio. Jan. 22. Bar-1 to be ODnoxious to any of tne fac
ney Oldfield. for many years famous ; tions as would be other points havmg
as an automobile racer and holder of t better material facilities for the meet
the time record for one mile from a t fn
standing start, today announced his I
permanent retirement from the track-'
.m uc.uw uu nine iu t u iiuuiu-;
factunng concern, of which he is the
. I
un .May it.
1910,Oldfleld set a rec-
ord of 40:53 for a mile from a standing
start at uaytona, r la., wnicn still
stands.
Oldfield was disqualified as a racer
last year by tke American Automo
bile association because he drove in
exhibition races at county fairs after
official exhibitions were cancelled be
cause of the war.
f
GOVERNMENT CON
TROL IMMINENT, SAYS
OGDEN AMOUR
- (Continued oa Pa Two)
lishment of a new government there.
Denies Juggling of Figures
Charges of juggling figures were re
sented by the witness. He said reports
of transferring prices to make one de
partment of the business show better
results than another was "child's
talk."
Raps Federal Trade Commission
Mr. Armour criticized the federal
trade commission for alleged unfair
ness in conducting its inquiry. Dis
cussing in detail recommendations by
the commission be declared:
Passes it on to Consumer
"I think the commission made a lot
of foolish suggestions that won't work.
Anything that is hardship to the pack
er is bound sooner or later to mani
fest itself in hardship to the consumer
or producer.
To Question Legality of Bill
Levy Mayer, counsel for Mr. Arm
our, will tell the committee tomorrow
why he thinks the pending bill is un
constitutional and will be followed on
the stand by Louis F. Swift, president
of Swift & Co.
Came to Lobby Against Bill
IL -X. Katr, independent packer of
St. Paul, testified before the senate
committee that his expenses here
were being paid by William Magiviny,
of the St. Paul Union Stackyards com
pany, who urged him to -come to
Washington to oppose the Kendrick
bill." This took place, Mr. Katz said,
at a time when he was seeking to
negotiate renewal of a lease on prop
erty oned by the 6tockyacds con
cern. Questions Heney's Fees
Mr. Magiviny told the committee he
would report the amount paid Mr.
Katz. and asked that any fee paid
Francis J. Heney be announced.
"I would like to konw," Mr. Magi
viny said, "if Mr. Heney is selling to
a farmers' society knowledge he
gained as counsel for the federal trade
commission at a salary, I am told, of
$100 a day."
Senator Xorris replied that Mr. He
ney appeared at the request of the
committee and was not being paid by
the government. He added Mr. Heney
probably was receiving payment as
counsel for a farmers organiaztion.
FORBID SOVIET LEAGUE TO MEET
. By Rview Leased Wire)
PORTLAND, Ore, Jan. 22. City
commissioners refused today to grant
permission to the recently organized
workers, soldiers and sailors council
to use the municipal auditorium for
a meeting.
THE BIG MAN'S
VOICE WAS KINDLY
"I'm scrry. Miss. We have no vacancy.
There are alwa3s more places filled than
unfilled. But many need just such cap
abilities as you possess. Why don't you
take the short, sure cut to employment
put an Ad in The Review Classified Col
umns ! . - - -
5UCKHECHT
R E 3 . o- S- Pat. o f W.
The staruLrrJ Army Shoe mde from
tcv grade materials by top-notch work
men UThJcr expert supervision.
All the more reason why you should
insist on the BccXHEarT Army Shoe
and accrpt no other.
1 I
Worn by thousands of men in all
walks of Lie
Office Mem
Attorneys
Physicians
Hikers
Farmers
OrcKardtsta
Mod
Cood actors
Hunters
1 Look for the name BuochechT
stamped oa the sole of every Shoe.
If not pbminabie fron your tfralcr
SSS
send njnie and your orde
BUCKINGHAM &
RUSSIAN LEADERS.
INVITED TO ATTEND V
. PEACE CONFERENCE!
- (Continued from Pagw One)
tion was before the world and that it
would pave the way for such other
measures as their own action had
brought about.
Neutral Territory Chosen.
The Prince Islands were chosen for
the eventual meeting because they
Meeting Two Weeks Off.
February 15 was designated as the
of the meeting so as to give
t5me for representations to come from
tne remotest sections of Siberia and
cther distant localities.
PARIS. Jan. 22 (By the Associated
Press.) The full text of the official
communication issued by the supreme i
council this afternoon reads: i
All Members Agreed
"The president of the United States,
the prime . ministers and the .foreign
ministers of the allied associated pow
ers and the Japanese representatives
met at the Quai d'Orsay between 5
and 5:20 this afternoon and approved
the proposal of President Wilson,
which reads as follows:
To Help Russia, Not Hinder
- ."The single object the representa
tives of the associated powers hare
had in mind in their discussions of
the course they should pursue with re
gard to Russia has been to help the
Russian people, not to hinder -them
or to interfere in any manner with
their right to settle their own affairs
in their own way.
' Seeking Way to Help
"They regard the Russian people as
their friends, not their enemies, and
are willing to help them in any way
they are willing to be helped. It is
clear to them that the troubles' and
distrust of the Russian people will
steadily increase, hunger and priva
tion of every kind become more and
more acute, more and more wide
spread and more and more impossible
to relieve unless order is restored and
normal conditions of labor, trade and
transportation once more created, and
they are seeking some way in which to !
assist the Russian people' to establish
order.
Russia Shall Rule Herself
"They recognize the absolute right
of the Russian people to direct their
own affairs without dictation or di
rection of any kind from outside. They
do not wish to exploit or make use of
Russia in any way.
Recognize Revolution
"They recognize the revolution with
out reservation and will in no way and I
in no circumstances aid or give coun
tenance to any attempt at a counter
revolution.
To Bring Peace - J
' "It is not their wish or purpose U
(dvor or assist any.one of the organ
ized groups now contending for tac
leadership and guidance of Russia, as
against the others. Their sole and
sincere purpose is to do what they
can to bring Russia peace and an 'op
portunity to find her way out ot her
present troubles.
Peace Dependant Upon Russia
"The associated powers are now en
gaged in the solemn and responsible
work ot establishing the peace of Eu
rope and cf the world end they are
keenly ali to the fact that Europe
and the world cannot be at peace if j
rcc;, ; o Thr t, r,ri I
accept it as a duty to serve Russia as j
generously, as unselfishly, as thought
fully, as ungrudgingly as they would
serve other friend and ally, and they
are ready to render this service in the
way that is most acceptable to the
Russian people.
All Groups Invited
"In this spirit and with ' this pur
pose they have taken the following
firtinn Thfv invito ovfirr nn-nniTiaH
group that is now exercising or at-
1
1
SHOE'
"black ' '
$7.00 to $8.00
YOUNGER DAUGHTER
MAY; BE. CABINET
" . , 4.-4 '
- ,:';X' v -'v X J
Miss Mary Archer Glass, at lofL and Miss Augusta Glass, daughters of
new secretary of the treasury. .
Mrs. Carter Glass, wife of the new secretary of the treasury, and their
two charming daughters are already well known and well liked in Wash
ington society circles.. Miss Augusta Glass, the younger daughter, prob
ably will have the honor of being presented to society as the cabinet 'bud"
of the season.. It is expected that the Glass family will come to Washing
ton from their home in Lynchburjr. Va., next month.
tempting to exercise political author-
lty or military control anywhere in
Siberia, or within the boundaries of
European Russia as they stood before
the war just concluded, except in Fin
land, to send representatives, not ex-
ceeding three representatives for each
group to Princes Islands, sea of Mar
mora, where they will be met by rep
resentatives of the associated powers,
provided in the meantime there is a
truce of arms amongst the parties
invited and that all armed forces any
where sent or directed against any
K.r- ,v. . . r. ," .. ,
against any people or territory whose
autonomous action is in contemplation j
in the 14 articles upon which the pres-
t. v i vii i
ent negotiations are based, shall be
n, marv "M?m nd assresMve
miinary actions rease. w - - .
To Discuss NeSs f Russia
"These representatives are invited
to confer with the representatives of
the associated powers in the freest
and frankest way, with a view to as
certaining the wishes of all sections of
the Russian people and bringing about
if possible, some understanding and
agreement by which Russia may work
out her own purposes and happy, co
operative relations be established be
tween her people and the other peo
ples of the world.
To Facilitate Journey
prompt reply to this invitation is
jested Every facility for the jour-
ney of the Russian representatives.
including transportation across the
Black sea, will be given by the allies,
and ail the parties concerned are ex
pected to give the same facilities. The
representatives will be expected at the
place appointed by the 15th of Feb
ruary, 1SH9."
The proposal will I sent tonight by
rireless to the interested parties.
To Discuss Lloyd George Plan
The meeting then decided to call a
plenary session of the conference for 5
o"clock on Saturday. Januarv 25. to
discuss the subject to the league of na-
tions on the basis of the proposals
j made by Mr. Lloyd Georjre. as well as
, other subjects which were examined
j this afternoon.
i Italy's Needs to Be Presented
, The Italian delegation to the peace
conference conferred today with Gen
reral Diaz, the Italian commander in
: chief, jvho arrived in Paris today, to
discuss Italy's aspirations from a mili-
tary and strategic point of view with
(special attention to the possession of
; what the Italians call "the keys of the
doors on land and sea."
1 To realize this object the Italian
! delegates, it is said, consider it indis
pensable that Italy possess the ISrcn-jUt-r
pass and also the Dalmatian coast
na ara ana eiK-meo. Without this
territory they say it is impossible for
Italy to control the Adriatic as other
wise the coast line or central Italy
would be at the mercy of any nation
possessing Dalmatia.
j Vievs and Needs of Swiss to Be Given
i l ..e views ot tne t jss fede-al coun
!cil. which President Gustav Ador is
j now in Paris to present to President
, Wilson. Iremiers Clemencvau and
Lloyd George and other alHe-.l states-:
j men. include particularly a request for
; international compact divine S;i;or-l
j land acess to the sea by way of the
J Thine, th j Ilhone ajjd the IV. Switz.-r- i
jUnd also desire to obtain the riht :
jot traffic ivcr inr,Hrtanf miln.ads to j
.the sea and to the eastern countries
of LuroiH?.
J The Siss covcrnuiont. as i;s views
are expressetl in sources close to its
president h re., not only apuioves the
I project for a league of nations but do-1
' sirrs and expoi'ts admission to iio
j ; ace negotiations as far as the do
: lilHr.itioi.s on this rov ct are cin-
4riuvl. as v.eil as on other pvobU
of general interest and nu-siions
! hich Switzerland is i,tri : ularly
t' Ti sted.
' rLVIEW WANT AD3
' BRING RESULTS
OF SECRETARY GLASS
"BUD'
OF THE SEASON
SEN CLARK RAPS
POWDER MAGNATE
(Continued from Pasre One)
the wire torn . down let them do it
themselves. After we licked the Ger
mans for them they surely can police
Europe themselves. The most sensible
thing President Wilson has said was
that he was going to bring those sol
diers home."
Representative La Guardia of New
York, said Ambassador Francis did
not work in accord or sympathy with
the French and British ambassadors.
. . . 1 - . J , T 1 . 1 .
iiiiii9 uau luimiaieu .wr. riducja wad.
afraid of the bolsheviki.
but that he
of the devil
'was not afraid
i himself.
,.le. , . ,, . , " .
also criticized Mr. Francis, saying that
the ambassador did not put himself in
a ltion whcre he u,d a ire
knowledge of-Russian conditions and
thought.
"American' ; diplomatic representa
tives have been and are willing." he
said, 'to cling to the old wrecked and
sinking group of survivors ot the
czar's regime and refuse to see that
the power of Russia is in the masses
of the Russian people. Until our dip
lomatic representatives go and meet
these people i we w ill never get on
speaking terms with the Russian peo
ple." LOCAL INVESTORS
ARE HOOKED
Cont:nnod from Page 0:le
1
cials intended to do. He never has
received an answer to his letter.
"We believe that a criminal charge
will He properly against some of the
men who have been handling com
pany affairs. If the corporation com
mission will not take tip the matter.
we intend to see if a charge of using
the mails to defraud would not cover J
u. liiui wouia iTing it unaer leaerai
jurisdiction. ,It may be that charges
will btt brouiiht in the state courts.
"Two oi the men who were in
iharge cf aetie operations in the,
Chino valley. of Yavapai county have j
gene to the coast. The receiver has !
written here that about $40,000 a?-1
peats to have been spent in some!
other manner than in legitimate de
velopment. In addition, under order
I TT YT F T
Wrest:!
cf the superior court, our well rig I were reported to be excellent, but
recently was sold to satisfy a judg- i said he and his fellow stockholders
nient. I thought they had not boen treated
-Some one is responsible for this', fairly and intended to exact repara
ccrdition and the stockholders here i tion. v
want to see that whoever is responsi
ble shall be made to give an accurate
accounting.
Dr. Teufert then outlined the pro
posed amendment to the state corpo
ration law, which he said would go
! far toward prevention of defalcation
in development companies, or lax
business methods in handling com
pany funds.
A. McCall of Lowell said he had
j written the corporation commission iain cf Oregon, chairman or the sen
j cither late in October or early in No-;ate military affairs committee. In a
t-u.ue,. 1HV.UHII1S uoui me company statement in which he expressed the
and its affairs, and stating that the, belief that the control of the air
directors would not respond to letters , would unquestionably be Uie decisive
of iiiQuiry. He had never received an ! factor in the next war. overshadowing
answer, he said. Un importance the forces on either
The general tone of the meeting! land or sea.
was indignant and the feeling of I
those present seemed to be that the I
! working people of the Warren dis- i
i trict hs 1 not been given a fair run
t for their money, a sentiment ex-!
(pressed time and again. This condi-
tioa is to be rectified if there is any
way in which it can be brought about.'
Dr. Teufert expressed confidence'
in the ground, saying oil indications j
;!!!'
i!
Swift
TheS
Mr 1 '
HIm Ma'ttcli.
.oedav NkM, Jam.
AT 8:30 P. M.
GRAND THE AT
2 Good Preliminaries
TT
1 .ThfCi
QJS J s
VS. ftJ
PRICES: -50c, $1.00,
SEPARATE AIR
SERVICE URGED
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22. Creation
of a separate air department with its
head a member of the cabinet, was
advocated today by Senator Chaniber-
lilrs. Jones Isnen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
J Phone Green "21 for appointment.
win Dollar
for 1Q18
12.96 Ao7 $ J)
Expenses jf Oj o U
ToSfockRaisej y 1 M
The above diagram shows the distribution of the
aversrr Swift dollar received from sales of beef, pork'
and mutton, and their by-products, during 1918.
1919 Year Bock of interesting and
instructive facts sent on request.
Address Swift & Company
Union Stock Yards, Chicago, Illinois
& Company,
anuel
$1.50. -LADIES FREE.
won s Suns
SPECIAL OFFER THl,S WEEK
ONLY, ALL $50.00 AND
$45.00 SUITS FOR
$40.00
$75.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
$55.00
FABRIC, STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
We are the only tailor in th
city who make your clothes in our
own shep. Wo can make your
clothes cheaper than you can buy
them ready made.
We accept Liberty Bonds and W.
S. S. Stamp as Cash
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
U. S. A.
E
Arciier
27 th
R
J
Manufacturers Sjn
.SsZ3Br-BHJ
i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1919.
THREE
LABOR FIELD IS
CANVASSED BE:
AT GOOD ifflll
I
The local latxr situation was caa-j
rassed iLcroephlr ai a meetics: of
the community labor board with rtpre-i
sentatives of emplcyers cf the di-
tricu representatives of the city,!
county anl municipal or;.iiuzaiien5 !
and others, at the Y. II. C A. last '
nUht. The result was a showiij
justifying the statemert that instead)
of becoming worse the local situation i
is improving. I
The nieetin? vras called to order
by J. C. White, ihainnan of the;
communitv later board, -wua K. J. I
Wilbfrt' secrHary, the only other
board member present. F. J. Stocker
cf Dcuilas was cot able to be there.
Mr. White opened the meeting by
aismssiag: the labor, situation and
tallica upon hose present for ex
pressions. I. C E. Adams, chairman or the
board of county supervisors, took
the stand that the delegates attending
the state good roads convention at
Phoenix should on record and
Insist cpoa the convention adopting
a minimum a:? scale of 55 per day
for all road work proposed to be
done in the state. Mr. Adams said
the people of the state had da? deep
in their pockets for Liberty Bonds
KATE PHOTO OF OT? A rTOTTS FHFAT TT PRTXPF
? AT DESK IX STUDY NOW USED BY WILSON
- i
GIGANTIC
CANNON
reevrt eic of Prince
Murat, shows the only reius-iniiig:
rrvnoh rririce in h:s Taris home
Ibe prince ti-rr,-d over his hi-me,
with its cxi;-:'ite ar.ii historic f ur-r.ish-.rcr.
to the Frfr.eh eoveroment
to on'cr Presi.'.cr.t Wilson for his use.
durir.j his s:iy in Paris. Wilson
c'r.iily accep'oti the ofTer. The pic
ture shows the prince seated in the
study a, the 3esk now bcinjr used by
the president while attending to state
t-atteri. ;
W BE REPAIRED
III WORKERS
.1
!
I.-- --i--fv :-f-1 so --?
THIN PEOPLE
SHOULD TAKE
PHOSPHATE
Nothing Like Plain Bltro-Phosphtte to
Put on Firm, Healthy Flesfci and
to Increase Strength, Vigor
and Nervo Force.
i rutiUK.NiU Ja" usy he Asso
ciated Press. TN Kruvp plant at
i Essen bvgan work of repairing oannou
Tuesday. The task undertaken con
sists of makins parts for 72 inctai
plete cannon, rejected by the Amer
ican authorities as part ot the war ma
terial ofi'ered by the Germans under
: the terms of the armistice.
! The commission which has been in
j Berlin considering the question of the
j heavy guns turned down by the Amer
! ioan authorities, has arrived at Cob
I lenx and reported that SO cannon have
j been shipped to the headquarters of
the American army of occupation to
J replace big guns which failed to meet
' requirements. With the delivery of
the parts for the 72 cannon and the
j arrival of the other the delivery
jof heavy artillery to the Americans
will have been completed. The Amer
t ican allorasent called for 152 heavy
j guns.
1 40,000 MEN NOW
IDLE AT SEATTLE
Judging from the counties prep&ra-!
tions and treatments which are contin-'
ually being advertised for the purpose
of making thin people flashy, develop-
in? arms, neck and bust, and replacing I
usrly hollows and angles by the soft'
curved lines of health, and beauty, !
there are evidently thousands ot men !
and women who keenly tel their ex
cessive thinness. J
Thinness and weakne&s arc usually j
due to starved nerves. Our bodies
Prince Marat seated in study of his Paris home at desk now used by Wilson.
iT!v Review LasoJ Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash.. Jan. 22 Law
rence Wood. Seattle, director of vthe
United States employment service, is
sued a statement today here, declaring
Dodge
corporation. Copper Queen ! there are probably 40.000 men idle in
branch, said he attributed the success t the state.
of the selective draft to the fact that j Shipyard strikers, he asserted, nun
it had been handled by civilians. ! ber over 25.000 in Seattle. In addition.
The boards had been successful In he added. 1000 men wh5 are not strik
hich degree in sretting men into the ? ers. were thrown out of work by the
army. Part of the draft board ma- shipyard walkout. Other unemployed.
em-iehinerv has been retained and will I outside of Seattle, total 700.
Dloves returning from the armv or HM in dpmnhiliTati Perii-ms'tv. 1 "How to take care of 40.000 idle
explained that this could not be dose j nary wculd be employed upon appUea-ibe said, he had no doubt that thev ! men here and at the same time ob
iecaUy. he ursed that all local dele-:tjon. jwould be equally as successful in get-' tain jobs for the returning soldiers
jraies s-oaia nam ior tiie proposal. w jj Ashurst. United States em-iting men hack into civil life after a : and sailors is the serious problem now
ea as w support various msuruuons wa5 the soje representative of that
catering to the soldier, and that they ccmparv presenti hi3 COmpanv
would be willing to "dig again" 1m already had emploved 25 former em
recessary to assure a fair living I p;0yes who had returned from the
wage for former soldiers working on!arn,y ard ten discharged soldiers who
the road. Ee wanted the meeting j iad "not previously worked for them.
ci iai m?m to go on recora in ravor.He said farther that all former
cf the i minimum, bat when it was'
need more phosphate than is contain
ed in modern foods. Physicians claim
there is nothing that will supply this
deficiency so well as the organic phos
phate known among druggists as bitro
phoephate. which is Inexpensive and
is sold by J. M. Ball In Bisbee and
most all druggists under a guarantee
of satisfaction or money back. By
feeding the nerves directly and by sup
plying the body cells with the neces
sary phosphoric food elements, bltro
phosphate quickly produces a welcome
transformation in the appearance; the
increase In weight frequently be leg
astonishing.
This increase in weight also carries
with it a general Improvement in the
health. Nervousness, sleeplessness and
lack ot energy, which nearly always
accompany excessive thlnnees. soon I
4 disappear, dull eyes become bright.
and pale cheeks glow with the bloom
of perfect health.
CAUTION: Although bitro-pho.
phate is unsurpassed tor relieving
nervousness, sleeplessness and gen
eral weakness, it should not. owing
to its remarkable flesh-growing prop
erties, be used by anyone who does
not desire to put en flesh.
lading cp another pnase of the road i-,--,,. ...., short time. He counselled modera-1 faced." Mr. Wood said.
.i
- i i r ssi i) in n j i it in iriit.1 it
.or road bmidjig at presenile had no !reasoa for he said, was that as i principle would be found to solve all I
couoi ,Vfm .s0ori une e rapidlr as they were offering them-idifC?a!ties. The coyper
market is
coanty woca De ao.e to employ ap-;Selves to the minine comnanies here .;in precarious condition, he said.
proximately :w men on road worit. jthev were being emplcved .where thev! the present time the surplus in the
While no members of the county high- nad" worfced for these "companies pre- i United States is equivalent to eight
way commission were at last night's ,Vicus to enlistment. Of the soldiers ! norths' consumption in normal times,
meeting. lr. Adams expressed the ; appiving. he said he had placed about j In England the surplus is equivalent
opinion that this work shc-dd employ ; so per cent and could have Placed all'io sis months" normal consumption
somewhere around 2 men. bad they desired the kind of work he 'while France also has a surplus, al-
ilayor Jacob- Erickson said that aad i0 offer. Otherwise, the situa- thauch Ect so iarge as the others-
w tiiie tne city nad no funas available t5on
works!
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely re
cure, and making more money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, ethrr you are sick
or vrell or taking a vacation.
4 ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Cerrsspondents: Paine. Weber A Co Boston. Duloth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
A J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfittcr.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Ranges Installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable, Phons car H. E. Woottcn, Re. Phone, Black TCi
C;U":uou- a- a sa'o tat wu'e:nnr niiri maiv nViirs a Te Y,td iion and a souare deal for everv one
there were no county funds availabde .--: ; . .v Tk.iinr.iivp.1 rh itmiiMti. - ;, , t- k r"r t t rr -mt-
RY HEAVY FT OOnS
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 22. Floods
and slides had practically isolated
Tacoma tonight after 24 hours of the i
heaviest rain in the history of the city.
In the 24 hours ending tonight 3.09
inches of rain felL
All rail service between Portland
;er than; In "view of this condition, it would be land Tacoma was cut off today bv 12
December, he Toby for the mining companies to I slides.
new fields of i force production; curtailment is nee-' PawnrPK m an intmrhsn twn
iiiua re nviu ana inai uaere iaocr. including farm work m Arizona es?ary. j;r. ivweu expiamea tnatjwere reported stalled. Rescuing Tar-
ur euprouian-!;. io-.'.-; valleys ana tne middle west, and oy cunai
v.ti avauab.e for the purpose. :road work. The government em-
Chairmaa White said he had to "nloTtnent office is havin? about eish-
to
in
the labor field is bettt
ior rcaa wort at presenu within W .during November and
days the election to VC-te paving - said, ilue trv rwniii n
report to Wa?iingron each week upon teen to twenty applications daily and
iDca! labor conditions and recues-'is placing about 35 per cent of
cd the representatives of mfning'men.
eompan-.es present to assist in formq- Chairman White then made
ilment he did not necessarily ! ties were turned baci noon discover-
mean that L'.rge numbers of men ; ing that the Pacific highwav and oth
would be laid off. that the men in fact j er roads were buried under "masses of
wculd be cared for as much a possj-jirt and water.
lating this report by submitting -s-exk-icirrss. asking that the
ly figures upon the number of return--attending the good roads
ing soldiers employed during the cur- in Fhoenix hold out for a
rent week- and the orobable number 'beintr r-aiil frr t.e wr.rk
to be employed in the week following, i H. Cox cf Lowell said taat the
Arthur Norman, mining superin-'ceiteral feeling vas that the r.?rt two
tendent of the Phelps Dodge corpora-; or three ntcnths v-om'A rf-r? or.; t'u.?
i-on, pepper ueen oraca. said nc encj.; rtrta :r tr.e -atr .
did cot have the figures at har.J tut th? r.stior a:i 1 nrc'-J a;-
would submit them to Mr. White each : c-ste.- ic s.cte goi !i
week ty Friday. jve-it'r ;h..i the program of
John Jeffries, employment agent forprjvc-tr.ent s".e..M be ?rr
the Calumet & Arizora mining coahjm:c!'. r? posjihle.
pany, who because of the illness oft G. II. Do-vtll. ntrager of t'
the!'- during this most critical period
:of readju?tnerit. He persoraUv felt
a s-crt ; t?.t t're period would be in existence
committee
convention
good wage
ilele-:on-1
icv
t. a?
for the TTtt sit
RewTafloring
DEPARTMENT
' We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
befots completed, which assure
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St, Bis bee
TWO SESSIONS OF
PEACE COUNCIL
cr seven months.! parto t, -- itw d. io.
aftfr which betterment would begin ;ciated Press). The supreme war
to be m evidence. j council will hold two sessions tomor
Mayer Erickson announced that he,row The full ace conference wiu
had appointed a committee to attend i probablv meet Saturday
t.".-? gord reads convention composed I I
or
--breer-VecC C. Rya:ij Mil MM XS R'?7
R. I'enderson. Chairman
2r:s rf-pDrted s'.at ?;! thre of the: 'h2 comcriiin2 the
:srr. acecrira-i d by County i rxdv are ttorisiartiv wearing cut
and must be renewed daily, else
Phelrs
When the Sliin Seems Ablaze
With itching- and Boning
There's jst one thing to do.
If your skin re?"r.; .iblaze with the
fiery bcrr.in - and ilchiz cf Eczema,
real and Iristinj tel:ei ccn only
come from treatment that goes be
low the surf ace that reaches tlown
to the very iource of the trouble, i
5-fwaTl-rl V:n-,- t -irr rnr fr. rr I
a diforder-i: rendition cf the bLx-d,
and iearcn far and near, and ycti
cannct f.nd a b!co-I remedy thct ap
proaches S. ii. S. for real ciliciency.
S. S. S.r.2s 1 cn ti c
v : i
r C
a: o
Z.ll
you
you
cer;
your ov.-n iniM.-i-Jul cis.c. write to
day to Chief M edict I .-'.cvier, Swift
Sptciuc Co. L-e;jt. C, Atlanta. Ca.
tur.n-.' v.:r.c.:
-1 -: r.: ; .
r.? nr.er c i I loo J tl'-'r
prcir.pt and li t-'
can rtly ttpon S. S. S.
advice a to :::e treat
If
For ex
:ie::t of
rgircer i-rr,!th would aner.d. The
Va:rt-a DL-trict C ..nrjerei-U club will
send four deiecatos.
i C'airman White reported that im
J mediately before coming to the meet-
ing he had talked over the telephone
j with Governor Thomas E. Campbell
jat Phoenix, who had urged upon Mr.
White the importance of personally
j attending the road meeting. He said
I the governor had stated that he had
;just come frcui a good roads meet
! inc. Mr. White asked the governor
' if the matter cf wages had been
; bro?.chei ard received the reply that
;it had not, but that it vras peculiarly
! applicable at ttis time and should be
made a leading point in the conven
i tion which starts Monday.
i
t
the outo of strength exceeds
tne income
il TPS
EMULSION
REVIEW WANT ADS
RRING RESULTS
will help the tired business-man or
woman keep pace with the wear
and tear ot hie. Scott s
nourishes the body,' Llood and
serves, and helt maintaii. an
CTes balance of strength and
energy. Safe-graard ytmr in
COme of strength tritL Scott's.
Scctl & Bowae. ilkju&Sild. K. J. ia-19
j y
n f- Hi
"CUiiLEY
IS BACK AT
THE OLD STAND
BROPHY GARAGE
and Supply Co.
DR. BAKER. Specialist on Refraction
of the Eye, is now at Johnson Hotel,
on his regular visit to Bisbee. Call
early if you wish to see him.
The same critical
examination for the
Burrvose of flttine
V glasses taught and
recommended by the
highest acknowledged authorities.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
coalT
woo
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
D
The UnlversallCaE
The policy of the Fcrd Motor Company to sell its cars for the lowest pos
sible price, consistaht with dependable quality, is too well known to require com
ment. Therefore, because of present conditions, there can be no change in the
prices on Ford cars: ,
Runabout $592.24 f
Touring .-.$617.88
Truck Chasis $643.51
We have two Touring Cars left from our first car load. Come and
F. C. BLEDSOE Ford Agency
see
th
em.
Johnson Addition
Phone 686
In Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
'. use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can -figure on
quantities much closer than if
: you don't specify us. There
: is no waste to our lumber. It
! can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
J be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Go
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
TO Oil
GAS CUSTOMERS
We wish to thank you for your patience in bearing with us during our recent
trouble in purifying our gas and eliminating the sulphur odor therefrom, caused
by our not being able to procure the purifying material necessary to be used, ship
ment of which was promised us four months ago. Shortage of material and labor
and the fact that the manufacturers moved into new quarters all held up the ship
ment. After car was shipped, notwithstanding the fact that it was twice snow
bound, the railroad people did their part by extricating the car and rushing it
forward.
it
Under ordinary conditions we would have been able to give better service
with the material on hand, because it would have been possible to revive it, and
refill the purifying boxes, but the extraordinary consumption due to the cold
weather, prevented this. tAnd notwithstanding the fact we used our best ef
forts and all available material procurable locally, we could not overcome our
trouble until car of purifier arrived in Bisbee.
The purifier is here and working and we can now supply you with all the gas
you require and of good quality. We hope to continue to serve you and assure
you we appreciate the courtesies you have extended to us.
Bisbee
mprovement Co.
J
J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1919.
(Eljr Stater Baily 2lxHri?ui
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company v
--ts
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved-
Jfow ftavlr Art
ms' Saved
7amous Bartobmeo CoJkom Statue in JSmce
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
Per month
Three months
Six months
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Tweive months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sun any tour weejuy) per quarter
S .75
. 2.25
. 4.00
. 7.50
. 2.50
- .40
No buoscripuon Taken tor Less Than 75c
24-Rt. Gold Brick Stocks.
From all parts of the country comes word of the increasing activity
of wildcat promoters and every kind of stock swindling games. It has
reached such a point tnat the ew York Stock Kichanga has launched
a campaign against tnese fake promoters and the members of the ex
change are being urged to include in their market letters warnings
against these mushroom enterprises. This follows the public statements
of Doth Secieiary AicAUoo and Secretary Glass, and the recent report of
tne capnai issues committee. The operations of these stock swindlers
axe especially directed against the homers of Liberty bonds who are in
duced to part with their government issues for rainbow enterprises in
oil, copper, and similar lines; and tfley are reported to have already
made a rich harvest.
une does not have to look further, than hi3 own doorstep for ex
amples of the old adage, "All is not gold that glitters," and ail holes in
the ground do not produce oil wells. The many stockholders who have
been caugat in the Bisbee promotion scheme, it is to be hoped, will not
lose all, but the prospects are not bright that they will have anything
more substantial than the handsomely engraved certificates of stock.
The Perfect Tribute.
German papers say that Theodore Roosevelt was the "arch enemy"
of Germany. 1 his is the most complete and wholly satisfactory eulogy
that as yet been uttered.
The Big Question.
How can the administration expect to cope with the high cost of living
if its members continue to resign because they can't live on their salaries?
Art for Art's Sake.
With Paderewski headed for the presidency of Poland and with
Gorky holding down an official position in Russia, art seems coming
into its own.
The Price of Progress.
"For heaven's sake," some people say every two years. "Another
session of the legislature. What can it find to do?"
i. They forget that society is always changing, always developing, and
that its law-making bodies must constantly adapt the code of laws to
new conditions. Orderly progress can be made only at the cost of in
cessant legislative change.
The Rise of Unemployment.
Now comes John B. Densmore, director of the federal employment
service, before the house immigration committee with the statement that,
though in some cities 80 or 90 per cent of America's alien residents are
planning to return to Europe, "most" of the 750,000 Austrian prisoners
held in Italy are going "to drift" to the United. States as fast as. they
can. To this it is at least safe to add that if conditions in Central and
Eastern Europe continue as unsettled as recent press dispatches Indi
cate the old habit of seeking political and economic sanctuary in the New
World isn't going to be noticeably abated. Of course, one more sign
that a just and speedy peace is vital.
While America waits for the coming of ttat peace to make industrial
as well as international issues a little clearer she had the decidedly un
pleasant sensation of watching the sea of unemployment creep up the
rock of industry. A week ago seven states showed an actual surplus of
labor which means unemployment.
Last night The Review's leased wire brings in the warning of Secre
tary of Labor Wilson to the forty-eight councils of national defense that
within thirty days there .will ba a dangerous overflow in the labor
market. Instead of the seven states twelve now report unemployment-
Copper Surpluses.
If copper production has been cut to about 60 per cent of the high
figures of last year, it will not be long before the copper surplus which
now looms so large in many thoughts, would begin to recede. Copper
surpluses hare a way or looming and receding that is sadly upsetting
to the prophets and. at times to speculators.
Foreign Purchases of Copper.
The further off the prospect for a strong resumption of Germany's
large normal purchasing in the copper and cotton markets, the less pros
pect for continued high prices in these two commodities. Neither Eng
land ncr France is probably now in shape to effect a very large expan
sion in these two industries.
Unless, therefore, there should be a common demand in the United
States, there seems a scant prospect of as large takings in these two
lines as many had anticipated.
Hot Shots
Those 14 Point.
In honor of the far-famed Fourteen Points, it had been our intention
to run this Minaret of Militarism in 14-point Wilson. Harry, the demon
make-up, Eays that'd never do. So, instead, the column is considerably
more than 14 ems wide.
Almost Fatal.
In Paris a couple of weeks ago the president aaid: "I raise my
glass " and the fool correspondent waited till the last two minutes of
play on the wire last night before letting th3 public and Mr. Bryan know
that there was nothing in the glass.
Jacks Not Openers.
It takes a pair of kings or better to open the peace congress.
Not in Bisbee.
Of whom is a man to make a confident after June SO? You can't
weep to a soda clerk and tell him t.-at your wife is the swee's' li"l woman
in the worl'.
Also Other.
Perhaps it was fitting that Nebraska should be the state to push us
over the dry line. Omaha, to our notion, is the dryest town in the coun
try. We know.
Absolutely "Keerect."
One's civilian pay is greater (?) than out's army pay, but don't neck
tics cost a lot nowadays?
Almost "3a"
Kepi ins !o the frequent query as to what returned warriors feci
like, it miy l. stated that some feel like Enoch Ardin and some lik
Ulysses.
I feel like Kip Van Winkle & Morpheus. Inc.
t, PKOF.
ETTDPE
to
Ij 1
I
r-i Av . Is. i
1
II
rAv .-
A " ... i 3 V.-i ft ' L V S
1 i;-4..;.-. ';iCr
$75,080 STATE
FAIR BILL mi
BEFORE HOUSE
ot average attendance of pupils in
' stoad of the school census, was faror
i ably reported by the nmnuitteo ot the
t whole.
Favorable action was also taken by
the committee on a bill providing tor
the burial of indigent soldiers and ma
rines, their wives or widows and mothers.
340 MILLIONS GO
BACK TO R. R. OWNERS
tiy Revtew l.easnsl Wlr
! niOEXix. Aru. j 2- - TheiGcner! li,n 1,1 tody
hnu. nf th i1.ia,n .. mJtM:.-A id ttW.Wu.OOO must come out
I under a suspension of the rules a reso-1
of the railroad administration's re-
lntion nf tVniMii.v win, h, volving fund in making the first year's
stroyer of German balloons, in his
death which occurred on the western
front on September 2S.
The more important unasures intro-.
duced in either house were: A senate
ies. This statement includes $200,(kHV
i 000 allowance for workiug cash capital
and JHO.OOO.oOO allowance for cash on
hand by railway conductors and
trei.sht ticket auents when the roads
bill appropriating $7500 for the north-; iakva ,iHO r"1
em Arisen fair; a bill tutboriiin : These R,u PU w ,th
county boards of supervisors to levy ! vernment whpn government control
taxes lor a fund to meet the expenses
of epidemics; a house bill amending!
the employers liability law limiting
the fees of attorneys for plaintiffs in j
personal injury cases, to 2j rer cent
ceases.
-To that extent." said Mr. Hlnea.
'the use ot the revolving fund repre
sents no suggestion ot loss, but purely
an inevitable absorption of cash tor
cf the amount that may be recovered.
A bill amendius the state school
fuud law so that the fund shall bt dls-l
tributed among the counties on a basis j
the time being
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
BARTOUOMEO COLLEON1
IN THE SQUARE IN FRONT
OF SS- OOHM ANO PAUL
CATHEDRAL'
Venice has but a few horses, and
those few are In bronze. But one of
them Is worth all other horses in the
world. It is the one of the monument
to Eartolomeo Colleonl, the great cap
tain of the republic ot Venice. It was
erected In the fifteenth century on the
square of the Guild of St. Mark, which
Is the magnificent building rear the
cathedral of SS. John and Paul. The
great Colleoni, whose modesty was not
proportionate to his value, left a will
disposing that this equestrian statue
should be erected on the Square of St.
Mark. But there was a drastic law
forbidding that any statue be put iu
the celebrated square, and the wise
Venetian senate found a way of re
soMng the controversy, ordering that
the manument be erected in the Square
of the Scola of St. Mark. Andrea Ver
rocchlo, the famous Florentine artist,
the master of Leonardo da Vinci,
modelled the wonderful equestrian
statue, which, after his death, was
finished and cast in bronze by thei
Venetian Leopardi, who created also
the precious marble base. Such a '
jewel of sculpture, considered the most j
beautiful equestrian statue that exists
today, was protected since the -beginning
of the war by a scaffold covered
with a strong Iron roof and upholster
ed In the interior with sacks of sand.
But last fall, when the danger of an
t-usaran Invasion of Venice appeared
to be every day more possible, it was
decided to take away the precious
PROTECTIVE
WORK VV
RENDcRED USELESS
WHEN STATUE WAS
REMOVED TO ROME TO INSUKLu
115 AtiSOLUTt SAFETY
bronr.e to the other side of the Ap
penines This work happened to be
full of difficulties and surprises. In
fact, when once the statue of the cava
lier was detached from the horse it
was found tlijit the horse was cast
with siuh a thickness of bronze as to
render insufficient the sirouj: cranes
which were to raise it from its base
ment, and the br.rjres for the transport
of the horse, nearly forty thousand
kilos, or forty tons.
Xow the Colleonl rests tn Rome in
the court yard of the r&lazzo Venexta,
once the residence of the Venetian
ambassador and only within a year re
taken by Italy from Austria, which
had kept It by her treacherous treaty
ot 1SG. In the same place was put
the equestrin statue of Gattamelata
from Venice. It was necessary to con-; by Donatello and the four Greek
struct special machinery and a colos-j horses of the Podium of the Church f
sal arge for the extraordinary weight j St. Mark.
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
ii
i
liners
Granite Lunch Fails
1
C
ANG1US
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
S. Fosd Administration Licence No, G-16109
I u
I
INDIANA GOV B
FIGHTS NEW RATES
iBy Review Leaded Wire
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Jan. 22 Gov.
James P. Goodrich of Indiana, totiay
placed the resources of his office back
of the fight of' the Indiana public serv
ice commission ajainst the new long
distance telephone rates ordered by
Postmaster General Burleson and is
sued a statement criticisrvss govern
ment control of wire coiumi
tions on French soil, which, under
the terms of the agreement, must be
sold to France.
Owing to tlie great strength of the
stations now in use and the even
U. S. SENATOR G. T. OLIVER DIES
(By Review Leased Wl j
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Jan. 22. Former!
United States Senator George T. Oliv-
greater power of those under construe- er died at his home here this morn-1
tion or projected, it is possible for in
dividuals possessing very small re
ceiving outfits to gather messages or
news matter from half way around the
world.
On the theory that such communica
tions ar recognized as property, it is
the purpose of the conference to find
some means of protecting them from
unauthorized exploitation.
Capt. William Bullard. head of the
United States naval radio service, and
ing after a lingering illness.
Copper Queen Hotel and High-aass cafe
.The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
systems and Postmaster General Bur- j
leson's acts. j
The new rates are not being collect- j
ed in Indiana because of a temporary j
other American delegates are inclined
icaiion , .... .. ,, '
io later f:a cruiueuiai ruuirui vi an
stations as
problem.
the only solution- of the
restrain order by Jd A. M, t H. W X K t S
LASTING PEACE IDEA
B. Anderson of the United States dis
trict court. There will be a hearing j
in the case next Tuesday. j
31 HERO MEDALS j
AWARDED BY COM.'
(By Review leased Wlre
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. 22. Maj. Gen.
Review Leasl AYire i made a st rong Weal
PITTSBURGH. Pa.. Jan. 22-Thirty- etore a joint session cf the Kansas
were recognized 1 ,ts1,aiuie luuJJ "-'r ui um-
at training ior national ueiense.
one acts, of heroism
by the Carnegie hero fund commis
sion at its 15th annual meeting held
here today. Nearly all the recipients
of medals were easterners.
In seven cases silver medals were
warded; in 24 cases bronze medals:
15 of the heroes lost their lives and
to the dependents of ten of these
pensions aggregating S7S0 a year
were granted; to the dependents of
four of the others who lost their lives,
the sum of $1250 was granted to be
applied as the commission may sanc
tion. In addition to these money
grants, in four cases 55200 was ap
propriated for educational purposes,
payments to be made as approved;
and in 12 cases awards aggregating
$10,000 were made for other worthy
purposes.
Payments in the one-sum cases will
not be made until the beneficiaries
versal training
He outlined what he termed "the idea
of the great leader who has gone
and of others," 'and frequently quoted
the sayings of his friend, the late
Theodore Roosevelt.
General Wood said his plan was to
train youths not more than six months.
He pointed out that the Tenth division
was trained to perfection in four
months.
"To keep the smallest number of
men iu uniform as a standing army,
but to have the largest number thor
oughly trained U be ready when the
I country calls, is the rlan." he said.
"The prediction that there will he no
wars is ao old as time but war is like I
a pestilence. It conies unawares and '
th mnr ilt'imirra'ic' method for a na- I
ttion like ours is to be prepared. ou
can not massage away by fine rhetoric
QUESTION RAISED ON
U. S. WIRELESS PLANTS
th rcissiuiis ni nations whose methods
l r -1 . . l I . . .. '
piuns ior me use ti me awarus and ,uorais arc entirely, ditferent irom:
hern approved by the commission. j our own
lie reterreii to tne line league oi
nations already existing, between Eng- j
land. France and America not writ-'
ten in ink Knt in lh hlixxl i.f i-i in- '
, I nion sacrifice." i
rARIS. Jan. (Hy the Associated j '
Press.) The principal reason for the;f500C0 A,Q BILL ASKED BY CALIF.!
inter-allied communications confer-! j
ence, whi h will besin in Paris Sat-j ,H. K.-vi.w las 1 wire)
urday. is the necessity for speedy dis- s SACU.VMEXTO. t'alif.. Jan. 22.
position of the enormous plants con-1 Gov. W'm. D. Stephens announced to-'
structed by the entente and America j day that a bill creating a state com-i
for radio communication during the mince on "soldiers employment and)
war and legulation of the ue of these
plants to secure finality of oppor
tunity and safety cf communication
The United States built great sta-
f :. i ' ,i iSf:-.A tfV fV-V).' ?i' 1 -I- .; : ;'.l.s
F .I. KvynM !l Mr. ; Vi1
Totcvt Co. ''iii;'i-ti. ' 1
K s
'
readjustment w-oull oe introaucect ui
te l gislature as an emergency uua
sure. Aa appropriation ot i0.iiU" will
be asked.
lOU can't help cutting loose joyus
A remarks every time you flush your
smokespot with Prince Albert it hits
you so fair and square. It's a scuttle full of jimmy
pipe and cigarette makin's sunshine and as satisfy
ing as it is delightful every hour of the twenty-four!
It s never too late to hop into the Prince Albert pleasure
pasture! For, P. A. is trigger-ready to give you more
tobacco fun than you ever had in your smokecareer.
That's because it has the quality.
Quick as you know Prince Albert you'll write it down
that P. A. did not bite your tongue or parch your throat.
And, it never will! For, our exclusive patented process
cuts out bite and parch. Try it for what ails your tongue!
Toppy ri bast, tidy rJ tin. KanJton pound oW Wf poamj (,
humidors and that clvr. procrraW paamd rrvW ffu AamWor uitk
tpong mxistnr top that kp th tobocco m lath. prfecf cofKttaM.
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. C THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1919.
FIVE
i
i
A f
'
i
1
)
'j
1
u
'i
i
!
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this Lead at the rate cf 1 ceat per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review oflice tot later than 8 p. m. lor insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
YOUXG MEN 16 and over, are elisi-!
ble for government railway mail j
clerks. $92 month. Examinations j
soon. For free particulars, write J.
C. Leonard,
(former Civil Service
Examiner), 1313
Washington.
Kenois
Building,
S3!
WANTED Experienced help for tail-;
oring. Only first class taiioress need
apply. Must understand the work. !
Fruitman's Fashion shop. Main J
street. - 73 ,
Female Help Wanted
WANTED House maid, salary
per month. Address Box 1200.
V. ' - D Chambermaid. Apply Cop- j
. wueen hotel. 937
: i
Positions Wanted
WAXTED-Position as chauffeur by ;
an all-around auto mechanic.
First ;
class references. Address Box 662, j FOR REXT Two rooms, housekeep
Bisbee. . 10 j or batching. 176 Xaco road, Hoi-
Wanted
WANTED Gentleman, 36, wants j
room and board in widow's home,!
close in. S. T. V, Review. 10S '
j
Lost
LOST Large diamond in Star canyon.
Finder please return to P. O. Box
2207, Bisbee, for reward. 5S
For Sale
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l con-
diticn. cheap. At Fcrd Garage, John-!
- J J : . r r .T
sua auumuu. ou
FOR SALE One four room house
Gypsun block house, Douglas street,
fifth house from Warren denot.
Owner home from 5 to 7.
FOR SALE A piano, $225; a refiger
ator, $16; rug, $20; gas range, $30.
Call 23 Montana street, Johnson ad
dition. 99
FOR SALE One five and one four
burner electric light fixture and two
small ones. J. X. Craig, corner
Campbell and Congdon streets, War
ren. Call before 9 or after 4. 96
FOR SALE $450 piano $200. First
house in Cochise, rear of lumber
yard. 85
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house, Black Xob street. Warren,
$1500 will handle this. W. R. John-
son.
27
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house. 62 A Brewery Gulch. 81
FOR SALE Three ponies, $100. In--LU3
re.P-Eugasser at gas pLanCJoho.-.
son addition. ' SS
FOR SALE Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
mej Biana. rsuyer nas pnviiege 01
renting house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N., care
Review. dh-tf
FOR SALE Furniture for 24 rooms,
five two-room apartments, 14 sleep
ing rooms, in Star Williams rooming
house, opposite city park on Erew
ery avenue. Mrs. George N. Wolfe.
809
FOR SALE Two lots o Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo -
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak -
land, Calif, General delivery. 875
FOR SALE Uncalled Tor suits
Levin, Lowell, Ariz.
597
FOR SALE Chevrolet five passenger, a ten day's tour of encampments at ; reach Fort Worth soon after day
1917 model. Terms. F. J. Keogh ! tne front, has been summoned to Pari j break, afterward continuing his flight
Auto Upholstery & Paint shop, Lo -
welL
66
FOR SALE A latest model steno -
type, has never been used. Address
F. P. H., Drawer G, Bisbee. 43
-
FOR SALE Jersy cow. Apply Mag-
gie Daniels, Cochise.
FOR SALE Eight rooms good furni
ture. Good rent proposition. Fourth
house north old school. Warren. 22
FOR SALE Bun (Ilea or oit papers at
the Review office. Large bundles,
Drice 25c
'brought also 210 wounded, including
FOR SALE OR RENT Four room 52 bed ridden.
house, Warren, good location, large The Cretic's soldiers included Ma
lot; or will rent for six months to jor Frank Baker, brother of the sec-rt-sponsiblc.
party. J. L. Winters J ix-tary of war. Major Baker has been
Lowell. 119 'stationed with the quartermaster
TT
furnishea
FOR SALE Handsomely
cash,
Dox
balance monthly
7? 2, Warren.
payments.
116
FOR SALE What tools and stock 1 turned men to have been surpris
,t i : m.i,:.k mgly small 13 killed, 16 died of dis-
v ' W II lit lilC III! U1UV&CIU11U .
own in
fchop.
Jason Clement
,,,r
rooms good furni -
Reasonable rent.
ivu
FOR SALE Five
ture in V.'arrrn.
Phcne 176 a'tc-r 7 p. in
10'j
FOR SALE -
ix room furnished
house, cabin. Fheds.
ood invest
mrnt. teruis. Als-o rrnient
lars lot. W. R. Johnson
Nob street. Warren.
house.
Hldck
112
FOR SALE
Don Luii?.
I At 6 and 7. block u. I
W. K. Johnson, Warren.
113
FOR SALE Furniture for two room (
house. Buyer can rent house at $14
a month." 16t Opera Drive. Ill ;
Money to Loan !
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried iuc;i and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Kooiu 7, Sparks Kline
building. . 166
For Rent
FOR REXT New three-room furnisa-
ed house. Mrs. Winwood, Win -
wood addition. 57,
.
.. ... . ; :-
r.i - tt: iy imuuucu iwm
ball park, Warren. Mrs. H. F. Ny-
berg. 95
FOR REXT Garage, ?5 month. Ap-'
ply David Playfair, 98 Mason hill.
Phone Blue 647. 97
FOR REXT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, over Indepen
dent Fuel & Feed company. 90
SSo'fOR REXT Two or four furnished ' Support of the bill was given by
S0; housekeeping rooms. 14 Laundry Senator McLain of Connecticut, re
i v;i c.5 publican, who paid the lledmg of
:
FOR REXT Furnished apartments,
water and lights. XO cnudren. 103
Mason hill.
77
POP r fvt Sloonin" -rnrtma Rslmnnt
" hv. nt ,rinra ' ts
brook stop.
21
I FOR REXT Three room apartment.
'R'eU furnished, clean and cozy. Moon
stop, Star avenue, brown bungalow
on hill opposite water tank, Tomb-
stone canyon. Mrs. BelL. 19
FOR REXT Four rooms and bath,
concrete house. No children. L. R.
Allen, Locklin avenue. . 860
FOR REXT Large office room, good
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575
FOR REXT Two unfurnished rooms,
221 Brophy avenue. 117
'
FOR REXT Two
rooms for light
! housekeeping.
j Castle Rock,
Mrs. Lewis, around
118
FOR REXT Furnished room suitable
for two gentlemen. No. SO Upper
Lowell. 105
FOR REXT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jisgerville.
114
FOR REXT Furnished room for two
gentlemen in private family, corner
of Curve and Oak streets, across
from convent.
115
FOR REXT Xicely furnished front
room. 14 Brooks apartments, O. K.
street. 120
Miscellaneous
' OPPORTUNITY Party
with small
capital to handle exclusive agency,
uB rnuuc.. BUiiwYie. ox
PHILLIP DOFFMAX, THE TAILOR
Ladies and gents' suits to order,
made in my own shop. Have a nice j
collection in poods and trimmings, t
a n Di. il- TflT
No. 8 Allen block. Phillip Doffman.
QCO
. GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
rrom up. aii corsets careiuuy : iuiusu no uu
fitted. Ines Warburton. next Art-! sul3 to aId American exporters and
zona Grocerv store, nnner Main. 433
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com-
mercial and Engineering courses,
Train for service. 26S
SCECOXD HAND CLOTHES Bought
Phone 739, City Dye Works.
bu4
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the J
Review office.
25c
Large bundles, price
! rr
! PERSHING GOES
t Tf PPAPF TARI 17
- ' - - ,
I
j 'By Review Leased TVirej
i rAll's' Jan- ty me Associated
; Press.) General Pershing, who is on
1 ana WU1 reacn nere tomorrow morn -
i mK-
I It
is understood that General Per-
' shing's presence is required in the so -
j lution of the Russian and Polish prob-
lems in line with the action taken to -
I day by the supreme council.
93 1 M bUAo T AKIILLtKY
BACK FROM FRANCE
NEW YORK, Jan. 22. The trans
port Cretic arrived here from Brest
with the 55th coast artillery corps
70 officers and 1,765 men, nearly all
from New England. The Cretic
j corps in Tours.
i rnmn;rsn with th havv fieht-
ing in which the 55th artillery engag
ed, filing 32.678 rounds of ammuni
tion, its losses were declared by the
case aiiu i Duuuueu. xuc
unit's
; . . . . ... . ...
, nisionan said it arnveu at t-ne Dame
jfront at "a crucial hour of the allies'
: cause," and "fouelit unceasingly day
and night."
! The 55th was cited by both French
and American commanding officers.
- the histcrian said, because the men's
; "accurate and forceful support was
one of the main factors in opening the
way for the infantry to advance," and.
because, "their treniedous volume of
fire and perfect coordination with the
infan'ry and machine guns was
i model of completeness."
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy, New Yoik. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Opp. High School
SENATE FAILS 1
I TO AGREE ON
i RELIEF MEASURE
(Continued rrom Page One)
to England, and said the "pomp and
ceremony" attending the peace con-
ference "is doing just as much to i
leea ooisnevism as iwu cu uu 10
prevent it."
l. a. a r r: . r 1.
,v"",rc? . " . L V, "
ocuaiui uumu ui iucuju, icuuiuqu.
that the appropriation is designed
primarily for the benefit of the big
meat packing concerns in this coun
try. He said the plan for relief had
been made in Chicago and approved
before Mr. Hoover went to Europe
and that it was proposed to absorb
surplus stocks of supplies the pack
ing firms have on hand in Europe.
McLain Defends Bill.
the people of Europe to prevent In-
dustrial trouble was a good proposi-
"an. tits aiso appioeu me measure
on humanitarian grounds.
r a OtlT ""-T- TfTIf
A.rvliU IRUOl O
REGIME IS SCORED
AT DENVER MEETING
(Continued from Pagre One)
cal survey, told the delegates that
predatpry (animals in the United
States caused damage estimated at
$300,000,000 annually of which. about
$50,000,000 was to the livestock in-
duitry
c- " Marc Philologist of the
department of agriculture described
poisonous plants found by ins bureau
on the western range and advocated
measures for eradicating the evil,
U. S. HAS TOO
MUCH GOLD
XEW YORK. Jan. 22. To increase
or even maintain the foreign business
relations of the United States it will
be necessary to this government to
buy the obligations of debt of other
governments, declared Robert Mad
dox of Atlanta, Ga., president of the
American Bankers association at a
' dinner given ra his honor here to-
night.
i With a- credit balance of $500,000.-
000 in annual interest due, an amount
. nearly equal to the balance of our
foreign trade for four years ago, Mr.
Maddox said, it would be unwise
to
add to our large stock of gold.
URGES U. S. BANKS
FOR INVESTMENTS ABROAD
XEW YORK, Jan. 22 The need
of American banks to handle Amer
ican investments abroad, especially
in the war devasted countries, was
urged bv Breckenridge I .on- third
, assistant secretary of state, in an
! address here todavl at the luncheon
of the American Manufacturers' Ex
port association. He warned that
international trade would not con
i unue xo now inrougn Deiore-tn
. , , . .... , ,
channels because of political eh
tinue to flow through before-the-war
anges
and altered commercial sympathies
; and said it would be the task of the
' importers and the reorganization of
trade.
Chao Hsin Chu. Chinese consul
general at San Francisco, declared
i American business men had not been
paying "proper and adequate atten-
I tion to Far East trade opportunities
11
FORCED LANDING ON
COAST-TO-COAST FLIGHT
i VT ,V ' , " J -- -J-
j Theodore C. MacAuley, commanding
! officer of Taliaferro field, who left
! San Diego Cal., Tuesday morning on
i what promises to be a record-breaking
ingnt from coast to coast, was forced
to land tonight at Stanton, Tex., 85
j mues west or Sweetwater, on account
, of darkness. He is expected to leave
there rarly tomorrow moraine and
j to Jacksonville, Fla.
bGbtlTing shrdlu etaoin hrdluunuuu
1 WOUNDED YANKS RETURNING.
j NEW YORK, Jan. 22. The United
; states transport Orizaba, with 2550
j trocps aboard, arrived off quarantine
l,r,,,;t -iii .t t ,..
i morning. Her contingent includes 34
j sick and wounded officers and 348
j wounded men.
SeiidaDolIau
RECEIVE RELIEF from
I RHEUMATISM
K?IKl"MACHOL Is an Internal Bcmnly
f'T lUieumaUsm. It ii compounded at
Uako Sprints. CoL. where thousanJa of
wfT?rera have f nur. 1 relief fn3& Kheu
tuiic acLea and paina,
RHEUMACHOL
WILL
BANISH PAIN
K!rET'MArnni. ttir.te al"n a hs win
der rtnie-lj t 'T Lum!.e". ;iut. niciv-hs
InJamM and Sllm Jcin-s. nhrumatisn.
Sriattcm. and Ki'lnT di.-onlrrs artiir
frm Trie. I.acti or aiT other acid
exiflii.t la U blood.
DON'T DELAY SEND
$1.00 TODAY
3:a;e osty by
H. E. MACHOL
P1I.C-HKMIT
Idaho Springs, Col.
Kvrrjr Cotllc SnA
"Ill HUM y J
ti
Mining and Financial News
8Y REVIEW
YORK. Jan. 22. Traders
c-UiUiitted to the short side of tne
stock market renewed their efforts
to uepress quoted values today but
met with indifferent success, standard
securities evincing an unexpectel
degree of surport from substantial
sources. .
Declaration of the two per cent
uhision on Baltimore and Ohio com
mon and a better understanding of
me recent ruling of the I. C. C. re-
ijarding rates were heipfud to rails,
ains of one to two
quite general. Texas
points were :
and Pacific :
.esumed its leadership of secondary
transportations wita un extreme ad
vance of almost four pouits on heavy
accumulation. Steels and equip-!
uieuts aiso owed tneir improvement
paper Issued displayed intermittent I
speculative stocks pursued their
usual uncertain course, oils being the ,
most conspicuous features. Mexican j
retroleum dropped sharply from Its
.'arly advance of two points
to
an
:treme setback of five
Coppers sagged on additional re-:
ports of a general letting down of that i
mdusiry and prospect of reduced j
aivilends. Tobaccos, packing and ;
strength; sales amounted to 410,000 j
shares. ;
Domestic bonds, especially minor i
rails, continued to weaken and Lib- j
erty issues eased, but foreign flota-;
.ions were firm, French government ':
5's rising almost per cent. !
i otal sales, par value, aggregated j
$11,375,000. Old United States reg -
iStered 4's lost s oer cent on sales.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, Jan. 22. Announce
ment that vessel charters had been
taken for 1,000,000 bushels of Ar
gentine corn to come to them United
States brought about a sharp break
jere today in prices of corn. The
market closed unsettled 14 to Z
cents net lower, with February 1.2Si
to 1.294 and May 1.20 to 1.234
Oats -lost 34 to 3. Provisions
iinished unchanged to 55c lower.
Before word came that vessel
chartering to move corn from Ar
gentina to this country was in actual
progress on a big scale, the xorn
market here had a decided upward
slant. Much of the auylng sprang
from belief that present hog prices
would be maintained in February.
Assertions that several corn mills in
central Illinois had shut down added
to the depression here.
Oats fell with corn.
Provisions were weak throughout
the day. Liberal arrivals of hogs
formed the chief bearish factor.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Jan. 22. Cotton
closed very steady at a net decline
cf 20 to 58 points.
Closing quotations January 22, 1919
(L. J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
Amn. Can
Amn. Car
Amn. Loco
Amn. Smelters
57-
464
S98
5S4
C94
Amn. Sugar 1114
Baldwin 67
Beth. B. ......... 5S 4
C. & 0 544
C.r. & I. , 354
Central Leather 574
Crucible 534
Distillers 52
Erie ' 154
Goodrich ." 57
General Motors 121
InJ. Alcohol 98-
Lackawanna 634
Marine 22
Marine pfd 99
Midvale 41S
Mexican Petroleum 1654
X Y. C.
71
.. 894
7S4
.. 744
. . 72
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel .
Studebaker . . .
Steel
46"
.. 90
Steel pfd 114
Southern Pacific
96
374
34
.. 1S7
. . 125
.. 36
41
85
434
.... 114
. . 17
594
. . . 430
42
? '
... 17-S
94
76
. . . 42's
Ho
54
. . . 75
434
. . . 32
95
4
St. Paul
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
United Motors
Westinghcuse
BOSTON.
Adventure
Aliouez
Alaska
Az. Coml
Butte
C. & A
C. & H
C. Range
China
Chile
E. Butte
Granby
G. Can
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
inspiration
Kennccctt
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
SAFE, GENTLE REMEDY
BRINGS SURE RELIEF
Tor U0O yoara COLD M"EDAL ITaar-li-m
Oil how fisN'H BHfferipi: human
ity to v.-ithstaml attacks r kidney,
livpr, Wnriilpr nnd Pteuiach troubles
and all luw-ascs c-iDnoctei with th
urinary orpr.ns. and to bnild np and
restore to health rgTir." weakened by
diseao. These most imiHrtJ!iit orircns
mi'st le watrhel. because they filter
nd purify t!ie bi"oi: unless they do
their work. '; .re doomed.
Wearme?. FlvcplPF-es.T, nervous
ness, desionlfr,ej-, bvkai'lie, Ftomach
troiible, pain's in !" lins and lower
abdomen. rave it e'lMtism. !-isti"f!
or"i I.:jb." r.H Trn T!i of tro-.'bl?
ijh Liirc-;.!-. t;iLl MtllVb
LEASED WIRE
Miami . . .
Mohawk .
Mayflower
Nevada . .
N. Butte .
Nip
O.d Do ni.
Osceola . .
Pond Ck.
Quincy ...
Ray Con.
Shattuck .
24
51
3
16
10
8V
35
49
134
60
20
13
3
2li
42
694
S4
100
16
Ts
IS
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Cop.
Utah Con.
Winona . .
CURBS.
A. &. A.
Ariz. Bing.
Uig Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia 16a
Con. Copper
6
! Con. Ariz.
1
74
5
13
17
Ti
4
2i
3
ft
17
4
40
44
4ft
Cosden . .
Cresson
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island . .
Globe Dom. . . ,
Hull
Howe Sound ..
Heda
! Iron Cap , 154
4
Magma Copper
26
4
10
"s
24
SO
24
167
So
44
334
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Mines of America
Okmulgee
Porphyry .
Rar Here
Tom Reed
Tuolmne ...
U. Eastern ..
Verde Ex. . . .
Verde Combn.
WoL Ariz. . . .
West End ..
14
OATMAN.
(By Collins &, Bretherton.)
Argo 06
Adams - 03
Rrizona Rex
Ariz. Tom R 03
Big Jim Con 06
Boundary Cone . . t
Gold Ore .03
Gold Road Bon 02
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 05
Sunny side 05
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 1.65
United Eastern 412
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.S7
Green Monster 37
Butte London 14
.04
.15
.07
.04
.04
.15
.06
.12
1.67
4.25
.04
.20
3.00
.44
.IS
.94
.04
.44
.12
.17
.12
.40
.IS
2.06
.S7
.10
.16
.50
.40
6.00
.SO
.50
.12
! Dundee 87
Venture Hill o2
Jerome Verde 37
Ark-Arizona 10
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06,
Hull Copper 35
Magma Chief 06
Wolv-Arizona 2.00
Verde Combination 70
Miami Consolidated 07
Grand Island .14
Verde Squaw
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines 5.87
Porphyry 50
Cal. & Jerome 44
Feather River
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets Grt
at the Cause and Remove It
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substi
tute for calomel, act cently oa the bowels
and positively do the work.
Peonla cfliicted vnui ted brrrth find
quick To'.i-f tfcrc'h Dr. Edwcrdj'
Ohve Twblcti T::2 plort, rurr.--cozted
tiblets cro t!:n izz bid brecth
L y ell vrha kzovr thcra.
Dr. Edtrards Oliva Tablsts cct c7
but firrr.Iy on th3 towels and liver,
rtmul-tins thsra Ectrml action,
clearing the blood trd rr.tly purifyias
th2 entire cyttm. They do tht which
tlanirerous cc'.omel docs without any
cf the bad after effects.
All ths benefits of nasty, sickening,
priping cathartics are derived from Dr.
Edwards Olive Tablets without gripins.
pain or any cT.sanrccctlo c fleets.
Dr. F. M. Edr.-nrds discovered tie
forrr.uln zStr ceventeca years cf prac
tice eneng patients afHicted with
bowel and liver complaint; with the
attendant bad breath.
Dr. Ed-yards Olive Tablets are purely
a vegetable compound mixed with olive
oil; you will know them by their oliv
color. Take one or two every right for
a week and note the effect 1-C cad 25c
act box. All dnrjsists.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
The heaiinjr oil soaks into the ous anl
Iiuiur ot tue kidneys and arirea out
the poisons. New life nnd heclth will
surely follow. When your normal vigor
bus been restored wutiuue treatment
for a while to keep yourself in condi
tion and prevent a return of the dis
case.
Don't wait iintfl you nr iTepMe t
fichtinp. Strt takinp GOL MEPAI
llaarl-iu Oil Capsules tocay. Your
drupfist will cheerfully return! your
money if you ere rot satisfied with
VMlis. iut be s;ire to cct .ho original
imported IJOI.O MKDAL end ccept do
Fubs'itutos. In three sizes. Sealed
raids'- At all UiUS fitorju.
BAD
BREATH
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE. LODGE NO. 718. j
LO.O.M.
Meeti every Friday
night. Moose IU1L
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON.
DicUtor
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10. I. O. O. F.
IT fT Thursday
if -33 evening at Odd
f Fellows Hall
Subway etreet. at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
orothers ccrd:ll) Invited to attend
Hall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER. N. G.
ufcSTEH EUSTACE, StJC v
KYfHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall Vlsitng
sisters are cordially mviteu.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E C
Phone Black Sal
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C
Box 147t
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerte
No. 175, F. O.
FL. meets 1st
fTl and 3d Tues
days, S p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come.
OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead 89b. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
rich hall. Vialtlm? Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 46.
P. O. Box 9S1, Warren.
E. D. STINS9N.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 25. 1919
. -
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OREADN AUGHT
l O. I NO. 210.
meets In t. O
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited to at
tend.
WM. T. SMtTHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
an DYE WORKS
Gearing & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp, Y. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores,
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicten Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COHP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
r
CH.B0GM1
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAR
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
EDWIN
F.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodf No. .
Knights of Pythla
.a
. meets eaca TuesdaT
, .V .
vranrvi Becvuui ua vrus
Fellows' Hall at 7:5
p. m. Visiting brother
cordial! j invited
v
JACK CAIN. C. C.
VV fc. Mct'ALLUM. K. of R
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exaiter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7; 30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAX BY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OP EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eacs
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGS DALE. W, M.,
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O
Box 2L'99, Chairman Relief Com.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets in I. O- O. F
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 is
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN, Jr., Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE, President,
Phone 27S.
GEO. POOLE. Treas- P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
C" -Tjir DaW rfTnn V. 1lll
Meets 1st Saturday
Medijovlch Hall.
S. T. MOSS. Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE
A. OWERS. Mgr.. Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OEice Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
1
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jick Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
t f "
1$
Si 1 . 1 rmvyi.
5 t-tf'' V' B'shee Lodge No.
2 l:iV '5J 452. meets the 3d
XrTTl & days each month SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1S19.
CITY BRIEFS
lias any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review Society Editor, Black 6S1.
RETURNS TO CITY.
T. J. Savise, who has been in Doug
la3 for tac past few days on business,
returned to the city yesterday.
MRS. HUDSON RECOVERING.
Mrs. G. 1. Hudson, who has been ill
with influenza, is on the road to reeov-ery-
SHIFTER BUYS CAR.
K. M. Moon, a shift boss at the
Junction mine, has purchased a Ford
car from the local agent, Frank C.
Bledsoe.
RETURNS FROM NOGALES. '
. Jchn (Tat) Dvtr has returned from j
Nofr,ak-.3 where he has been spending
a few days. He will make Bisbee
hi.-? residence.
ENTERTAIN.
Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Hyde entertained
Sunday with a linner at their home in
Warren in honor of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Wheeler.
RECFIELDS HERE.
Mr. and Mrs.-J". R. Redfield spent
the week-end with Mr. and Mrs. J. O.
Main of Warren. Mr. Redficdd is a
cotton grower in the Salt River val
ley. OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
John Cauehran, a well known min
ing man of Douglas, was in the city
yesterday. He was accompanied by
Harry Stone of the H. E. Dugan
realty office.
BUYS CAR.
W. T.Willioms of McNeil left yes
terday afternoon for his home in a
new Ford car which he purchased
from Frank C. B!ed3oe local a.zent
for the well known automobile.
CHANGE MEETING PLACE.
Owin? to the illness of Mrs. Wil
liam Cooper, at whose home the
meeting was to hae been held, the
Baptist Ladies' Aid will meet at the
church at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
TRACK TORN UP.
Owing to trackage improvement on
Main street In front of the Masonic
temple, passengers were transferred
at that point for up and down the
canyon trips on the street railway.
NEW CHURCH OPEN.
The first services in the new Bap
tist church on Main street will be
held Sunday morning. Services in
the old church on Clawson hill were
held for the last time yesterday even
ing. MINNESOTA PEOPLE HERE.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Burns of Sudan,
Minn., are visiting their niece. Miss
Aneh Monroe and Mrs. Ralph Mayne.
Miss Monroe is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. O. H. Monroe of Fon Du Lac,
Wis.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams at the West
ern Union for Mrs. Mintie York, Ivan
Ballestero3, J. F. Ryan, C. J. Wolf, T.
B. Read, Luanda Brown, Mrs. Frank
W. Jone3, O. C. Ccnsler, Frank J.
Harkins.
SPENT SUNDAY HERE.
Judge W. A. Fowler of the Title
Guarantee & Abstract company of
Tombstone, and his brother, Frank
Fowler, spent Sunday with their
sister, Mrs. Emma V. Kerr of the Let
son Hotel.
LEAVES FOR PHOENIX.
Charles Lane, for some time em
ployed here as a cook and waiter, left
yesterday for Phoenix, where he will
remain for a time before going to Los
Angeles to make his home. His child
will arrive in Phoenix in a few days
from Bolivar, Mo., and will go to the
coast with him.
EAG
LAST TIME
IN THE PICTURE
NEWS WEEKLY
Tomorrow -GLADYS
Admission:
Children,
LE
iesiiif
uvariiumyuruua
FROM RANCH HOME.
Mrs. John H. Slaughter and Steele
Woods, the later foreman of the
Slaughter ranch 15 miles east of
Douelas, were in the city yesterday,
being the ?urtb of Mr. and Mrs. II.
M. Woods.
JURORS BEING SUMMONED,
Deputy Sheriff J. K. Joy started
yesterday to summon the trial jurors
lecentiy drawn at Tombstone for serv
ice in the civil term which starts in
the superior court of Cochise county
Monday, January 27.
CALLED MEETING.
A calied meeting of the Ladies' Aid
of the Mtthodist Church will be held
at 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon at
the Younr Women's Christian asso
ciation. Matters of Importance to
the members will be discussed.
CAMERON HERE.
Murray Cameron, who has been in
Canada, a member of the Koyal Air
forces, arrived in the city yesterday
for a visit with his brothers, James
! and Alonzo Cameron. This is the first
, meeting of the Cameron brothers in 12
; years.
: RAE IS VISITOR.
j Robert Rae, auditor for the Phelps
I Dodge corporation with headquarters
' in Douglas, spent part of yesterday in
Bisbee. Mr. Rae was county food ad
ministrator during the war period and
only recently was relieved of the
more onerous part of his duties in that
connection. .
STORE IS BURGLARIZED.
The Cock store at Pearce was
burslarized Sunday night by unknown
persons. A number of pairs of men's
shoes, some stickpins and other
jewelry were stolen, according to noti
fication reaching- here yesterday from
the sheriffs office.
LOCATES HERE.
J. H. Prater., accompanied by his
wife, a son, J. A. Prater, and two
daughters arrived in the city Tues
day night from their former home at
Wills Point, Texas. They will take
up their residence in Warren.
Young Mr. Prater recently received
his discharge from the naval training
station at Xew Orleans.
CALLED TO PHOENIX.
Ned White, a fuse man in the em
ploy of the Phelps Dodge corporation,
Copper Queen branch, departed last
night for Phoenix where he has' been
called by the illners of his mother.
W. J. White, surface foreman for the
same company, also went to the bed
side of his mother and Jack White,
former sheri.f of this county and an
other of the sick woman's sons, al
ready is in Phoenix.
MclSAAC FUNERAL.
The funeral of Roderick Mclsaac
72 years old, who died Sunday of
cancer, was held yesterday morning'
at 10 o'clock at the Catholic church.
Rev. Father Mandin, rector of the
church, officiated. Interment was
in Evergreen cemetery. Services
were held under the auspices of the
Knights of Columbus of which order
Mr. Mclsaac was a member.
HALBERT JN CITY.
Following his discharge from the
chemical section of the United States
army, with which, he has been sta
tioned in New York, A. J. Halbert,
formerly a chemist with the Phelps
Dcdge corporation. Copper Queen
branch, has arrived here. He is wait
ing the arrival cf passports which will
allow him to continue his journey to
Saltillo, Mexico, where he will resume
his old position with a mining com
pany. M.EETS PECULIAR ACCIDENT.
Harry L. Schofield, shift boss at the
Czar mine, yesterday afternoon met
with one of the mest peculiar acci
dents on record recently. He was
standing beside a man who was
barring down ground when a rock fell
and striking a board caused the end
cf it to fly up striking the shift boss
in the face, breaking his nose and
b':eking his eye. The injury was
treaif-d at the company dispensary.
i-;.r-S .i-iTCi.-ti - -
THE
Continuous, 1 to 11
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT
IS 3k n S3 U tJ f i
SEE BEWITCHING LITTLE
XI
m no
A
i
DIFFERENT, in 5 ACTS and 500 LAUGHS
COMEDY:
Eliisic by
BRGCKYELL in "The Scarlet Road"
lCc;
Adults, 15c;
WILSON PLANS VAST PROJECT FOR RELIEF '
AND REHABILITATION OF WAR ct't,TRERS
:-.x . .. .-
V;-.
s
i
Vi
:
v - "
. ty".--
i, .y..'.-:. S : -:
Barnard M. Barnch, above at left, and Henry P. Davison. Below is Vance
C. McCormick.
President Wilson, at the peace conference, is taking the lead in map--ping-
out a comprehensive program to provide relief for suffering all over
the world and the rehabilitation of the victims of the war. To help him in
laying his plans before the peace conference he has summoned three;
rationally known men from Washington. They are Bernard M. Baruch,
chairman of the war industries board; Vance C. McCormick, chairman of
the "war trade board, and Henry P. Davison, chairman of the war council of
.the Red Cross. Davison is now on his way to France and the other men
ere to follow him.
COURT. WITHHOLDS JUSTICE.
Justice of the Peace .ames Allison
withheld decision in the case of Ro
man Hernandez, a Mexican, charged
with non-support of his wife. Carmen
M. Hernandez, which was tried yester
day. The charge was proven in the
court's belief, but until he had con
ferred with Judge A. C. Lockwood of
the superior court, Judge Allison de
cided not to make known a finding.!
Hemand.fe in the meantime is in the
city jail.
HOCKETT IS ARRESTED.
After having arrested Bart. Hockett
at Douglas, United States Deputy Mar
shal Jay F. Wilmot returned here yes
terday. Hockett was arraigned be
fore United States Commissioner II.
C. Beumler on the charge of con
spiracy to defraud the government in
connection with the finding of a eoa-i
siderable quantity of liquor on the
George Medigovich ranch, west of
Douglas, by federal and county offi
cers. Hockett's bond was placed at
?10,000, which he furnished for ap-i
pearance for preliminary hearing be
fore the commissioner.
poJndmaster busy.
Fifteen stray burros are now in
the city pound as the result of the
efforts cf the newly appointed
city poundinaster to eliminate com
plaints coming from residents that
the animals are destroying their
lawns and newly planted gardens.
The animals now being held will be
sold for the cost of their upkeep un
less owners call for them. The
poundmaster is at his office only at
10 o'clock each morning and again
at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Each
day an animal is held will add one
dollar to the expense to be borne by
the owner when redeeming it.
P.EVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
iJ: -.
TF.-R
LAST TIME
ML
8 a B 99
lipiSllilg
"HOT BOGS"
GRIBBLFS ORCHESTRA
Thb includes the war tax.
:::; -.V .'I.,
. .... , :V.''J.
-'Kv '-sSo-
CONVICTIONS RESULT
FROM GAMBLING CASE
As a result of the trial before City
Jadge John "W". llogan of four men
captured in a raid on Xb. 19-B Chihua
hua hill, Tuesday night, the court
found all of them guilty of violating
the recently passed city ordinance
agaicst gaming. Tassing of sentence
was reserved until today at 10 o'clock
a. m.
-The defendants, Bob Page, John
Chase, William Zakaronin and J. J.
Graham entered a plea of not guilty
and demanded a trial by jury, when
they were arraigned to nlead' vpstpr-
day morning. The iurv trial was de
nied by the court which get the trial i
lor o o ciock. At mat time the testi-1
mony of the officers conducting the I
nua was taken first. They said they
had been admitted to the room in
which the men were .hut only after
considerable delay. Thev had searriipn
the men and found poker chips in the
pockets of two of them while a suit
case on a shelf in the room was found
to contain a large assortment of poker
chips and cards, while there was a
quantity of silver money mixed with
these, as though hastily swept from
the table. Zakeronin testified that he
was -not playing, in fact knew little
about cards. He said he merely was
a spectator. Five cards Were being
dealt, he said and the men were dis
carding and drawing, "sometimes
three and sometimes five cards." The
other defendants testified that they
were playins "high five" for fun.
They were defended by Attorney Allen I
R. English. . !
YOUNG GIRL HELD IN
DOUGLAS BY OFFICERS
Suspected of having run away
from home to join a carnival company
now playing in Douglas, officers
there arrested a young girl who:
claimed Pistes as ter home and gave
her name as Maria Foss. She re
fusel to tali about herself further
thun that.
City Marshal J. A. Kempton re
ceived a telephone message last
night asking hfm to find out who the
girl is rnd whether any young girl
was missing from Bisbee. The Doug
las officers believe the name she
gave to be an alias.
Anyone having information upon
the subject should report this fore
noon, either in person or by telephone
t Mr. Kempton at the city hall.
PRE-WAR R. R.
SERVICE COMING
! WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. Restora
tion and betterment of the pre-war i
standards of passenger service at thej
earliest moment was urged today by ;
Director General Hines in an address
before the American Passenger Traf
fic association here.
"Now that the war is ended," said
Mr. Hines. "we must endeavor to re
establish the same convenient and
comfortable form of passenger ser
vice which was available before."
LARGE PERSONNEL FOR
NAVY VOTED BY COMMITTEE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22. Approval ft
or the man for a temporary naval
force of 22.1.000 men, exclusive of of
ficers, for tho year lw ginning next
July was voted today by the house
unval committee, in beginning final
consideration of the 1P20 naval ap
propriation bill. The committee ex
pects its report tomorrow.
SERBIANS PLANNING A
BENEFIT FOR ORPHANS
In order to raise a fund for the re
liof cf the orphans and needy children
of Serbia, as a result of the world
war. the Xew Serbia society of the
Warren district plans to hold an en
tertainment and supper at Finnish hall
Sunday night, starling at 7: SO o'clock.
Admission of ?l..r will be charged en
titling the holder of the ticket to ad
mission and the supper.
All funds raised from this source
and by mer.ns of a subscription list
which will be circulated, will be for
warded to the American Red Cross
headquarters in Serbia, through the
Serbian ambassador in Washington.
D. C.
There are approximately 500 mem
bers of the Xew Serbia society in this
district and the committee in charge
anticipates a liberal contribution to
the worthy cause represented". The
general public is invited to attend the
entertainment and to subscribe to the
relief fund.
m, MATILDA GOBBE IS
DEAD SAYS MESSAGE
Mrs. Matilda Cobbe, 69 years old,
died at 5 o'clock Tuesday evening at
St. Paul's hospital, St, Paul, Minn.,
following an operation. News of her
death was received here yesterday
i.iornicg by her son , George Cobbe. j
cf the Shattuck & Arizona Mining i
company offices. i
Mrs. Cobbe was well known in the
district and throughout this section of
the state, having come to Bisbee 21
years ago. For the past 15 years,
However, she has been residing with
another son, Frank Cobbe, on a large
ranch just out from Hereford. .
The news of her death came as a
great shock to her children and her
friends here as the telegram did not
intimate the nature of the operation.
She left the district shortly before
Christmas for a visit in the middle
west and went to St. Paul from St.
Louis and Kansas City in which cities
she had been staying with friends.
Surviving besides George Cobbe and
Frank Cobbe, are a daughter, Mrs.
M. J. Cunningham of this city, and
another son, Lee Cobbe.
The body will be sent here for
burial hut funeral arrangements have
not been made. !
MDCDUICnDO Dl AM TO
uiLnfiouno ruiii iu
MEET TWICE MONTHLY
The county board of supervisors :
hereafter will 'meet twice each month'
instead cf once as heretofore, accord
ing to Chairman I. C. EL Adams. The ;
meetings will fee held ou the tirst and '
third Mondays cf each month, he
said. i
"It is our belief that by meeting ;
twi.'e monthly the supervisors will be
able to transact business In better
shape than ever before." said he.
"When meetings are postponed for as
long a period as a month matters :
which were dealt with at the previous
EKoiins and which should be given at-;
trr.tmn. at the next one, grow stale in
the minds of the supervisors. By
rr.ect.ng every two weeks this can be
avoided to a great extent."
SOLDIER INJURED SERIOUSLY.
I'Bv Review Leased Wire)
FORT FLISS. Tex., Jan. 22. While
charging to the war song, "Garry,
Owen," played by the band of the
Seventh cavalry. Pvt. John E. Wil
liams was thrown from his mount
here late today and suffered a frac
tured skull, a broken arm and his
saber penetrated his left tipper leg.
He is not expected to live. His homo
is in Fairmount, W. Va. The charge
was a part of the review for General
The horse broke its leg and was shot.
Today ff
ONLY 1L
A. H.
arm
DU
By Charles Klein, featuring the beautiful
. GLORIA MOPE
Under the supervision of Thomas H. Ince.
On the contemporary stage this story held Broadway enthralled for months. On
the screen the greatest sensation of the moment Also, Pathe presents the charming
PEARL WHITE, with WARNER ORLAND in the first episode of the exciting serial
"THE LIGHTNING RAIDER"
And Spanuth's original
"VOD-A-VIL MOVIES"
Six acts from the present dy Vaudeville
and for a good laugh, see "PLUCK and PLOTTERS."
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c,
Reserved
Business Locals
Dr. Anna Ekoki, foot specialist, has
removed from Lowell to the Electric'
Shoe Shop i:i Brewery Gulch.
Wanted to buy. second hand clothes.
Phone 47. S4
RENT A PIANO NOW. $5 MONTHLY
Buy a piano next year when prices
will drop $60. I exchange your rent
piano tor a new one. I credit all rent.
You save ?'5'j. War rate, no in
terest. W. MU1R.
NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS j
Having been unable for the past 12 ;
days to supply your wants in the elec
trical line, due to illness in my family
and working force. I take this means
to announce that I am again prepareu
to meet your needs.
EUGENE STEVENS.
Electrical Contractor, UP-r Main
Street. tt
BLACKSMITH COAL ! . ATTENTION
Just unloaded one car of Ajax ! Knights of Pythias, all members are
smithing coal. Brophy Carriage com- j requested to navi at Palace undortuk
pany, Lowell. 362 j ins parlors at 1 o'clock to aitend fu-
j neral of Wm. Sniltham. h.ther of
NOTICE Brother Wm. T. Smitham.
Piano lessons given by experienced
fi
Central
LOWELL Continuous
LILLIAN
i fie wain o
From David Graham Phillips Greatest NoveL
ALSO
"Romance of Brass Tags"
A Paramount Flagg Comedy
Adults ISc, war tax 2c, total 20c
Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 30c
Grand Theater!
CONTINUOUS
TODAY
Eileen Sedgwick with Fred Cirorcn
IN
, IlL
A GREAT JUNGLE DRAMA
ALSO
Jack Mulhall end Juanita H&nson in the Sth episode of
"THE BRASS BULLET"
and an L-KO Komedy Feature
"Hello Trouble"
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, tot&L 5c
'L- '
THEATER
Woods presents his Broadway
ITPV
aim
total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total.
seats 22c, war tax 3c, total
teacher, too well known for reeom
Imendation. Mrs. Hosmer. 2ft Tank hill.
Phone 15".. PS
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done, by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to
Bisbee. tfi9
Pr. Playfair, Osteopath, ns Mason
Hill, M&sou car ston. Phone Blue 647.
L. L. Gilman seis the New Edison,
'The Phonograph Wi:h r Soul.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:4i a. in.. 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Paintor act Paper Hanc'.ng. Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 4.r6.
WILL THE PARTY
who found the three W. S. S. in their
package kindly return tae.n to the
cashier's desk at Fair stor. 110
l'J
J. II. CAIN, C. l
Theater!
1:00 to 11:00 p. m. TODAY
WALKER
IN
!'U , If IIJ.HI 'LA. I L '
25k
1 TO 11 P. M.
- " - vi i - -
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
Success
1
I TTK J 11
i tins r
TIG FH
f A 1
2f
25c