Slaw
WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
Copper Week ending
Feb. 12. M. & E. Jour
nal. Quotation. K.7.
Thurs. partly cloudy,
slightly warmer; Fri
day unsettled.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 243.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
nn
It
.S4 1r"l 14 E t M II I! II .
'TO
m
J DIB
LEAGUE OF
ITUS
s
ATTACKED
GQPJGRE5S
Criticism in Both Houses and
Senate Occupies Hours ; ,
Fess Launches Debate on,
Constitution of the Society j
Poindexter and Other Solons :
Join in Long Drawn Out
Discussion of Plan, Assail
ing All Eections of Plan
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 19. Vigorous
criticism of the proposed constitution
of the league of nations, was voiced
today in both houses of congress.
Speaking for three hours before
crowded galleries. Senator Poicdexter
of Washington, republican, precipitas
ed a iiscussicn in the senate which
embraced other subjects and con
sumed practically the entire session.
However, there was no formal reply
to the Washington senator from the
democratic side.
Discussion in the house was unex
pected and was not general. Just as
the members were settling down for a
night session. RepresentatiTe Fess of
Ohio, chairman of the republican con
gressioaal committee, delivered a care
fully prepared address in which he
took up the constitution section by
section, and denounced the whole as
abridging the sovereignty of the Uni
ted Scates and containing """vicious po- j
sib ili ties." i
Speeches First on Plan
T bv St.w Pr;n.T.
ter and Representative Fess were the
first prepared ones made in congress
since the constitution of the league
was published and since President
Wilsoa requested that discussion be
postponed until he could confer wKa )
members of the senate and house tor-
eifn affairs committees at the White,
Houe next week. i
When Representative Fess conclud-
1
ed there was no further discussion i
in the house. b during Senator Pcoa- i
eer s address. Senator Hitchcock
cf Nebraska. Republican Leader Lode
and Senators Knox of Pennsylvania i
and Brandagte of Connecticut, alii
members of the foreign relations ccn
t-'.-s m k--t-
ru.iee. j m:..y mter?cted com-.
messt on questions InwCved. Senator!
-Missouri, speasmg m cnu-.
c;sm or the proposal also vigorously
denounced delay in demobilization of)
American troop. Senator Sha froth of :
Colorado, democrat, in defending the !
t-v tVa kf , . .v '
; . w 1 .
leacue charter. dec!rir!i it mn'.l t?.w '
nine-tenths of future war.
Borah Reveals Letter
r.rc " .r;r- r:r: "i
mcuiuw ji ice
eign relations committee, who an-
Bouncea ca rerasai to attend tse '
wane nouse conrerence yesterdav.
fJtV, t n'iiJ
tf 'fading sap-; army immed i4'f 5afT .to
X'LSLl??"1! Mr 5 t!llf v! r25f!',Vn
-",... r. u(
axnenumeni xo tae ien;at:ve cocstitu-'
JiMn Hntr
tenance of the Monroe doctrine. j
Resumption ot attack on the leasue
tomorrow in the senate Is in prospect,
benator Borah, is ready to speak but j
may defer his address nnta FrUay.
Senator Sammins of Iowa, republican. !
also Is preparing an address for deliT-j
ery Uter this week and Senator Reed
save formal notice today that he
wouM discuss the league on Saturday. J
Senator Hitchcock also ls plannins an
Saya Plan Unconstitutional .
Senator Poindexter in his address!,,. ,s . . .v
today, declared that the league char-
ter conracted with the constitution of
the United States and meant not only
tk .n., nr im.H,,.-enrmi,;
to European na'tions. but bndoijJ.4?tkn at ,lS
ment of the Monroe doctrine. He also j
declared the league plan involved a ryr,-,-. ,n
ccllosal burden cf entacciinr alii-
CCMtiaoM cs Past Three)
wtnTmc" arl d CONFERENCE CALLED thrTKh ttS imVine: aTiVadct-f ta-rnM T tor ARIZONA BOY DIES announcM that ihi tntSSStW. ?t
The Washington senator particular- . jy in line with the assassin, who s-r7" rrruTrVn TM HFRMAN PDlCftV1' t on your esca m serknis i ; Karlscn's arrt at Globe last night
ly attacked the rrori-iocs cf the' r-, if. L , rushing towards the premier's car. i'ir t"-l in tvderal wun Brjxlyn iix WKINlAN rKIbON:jnry. I am Kvkmg torwar.l to see:. j was incorrect, that the authorities
Sanl charter rr and ! -Sv50 I"-.. 1Srrst I Assail Belief to Be Russian ! fi1 xvnr,nicy w uJ ! Pc cor.fereac it a tw there had ben urable to locate hh'.v
,.r ,.nr, p.." , r'vV ! Cirracia has called a conference; -j- ma- utv.v n... . v-re. F -,vrament. ; ,r;v R-viyw IsnsI Wlry- dy- i .
SSSUt thardebi ll 'ff Mx,caa eOTB-a rationed in bor- m "i" rirran iZh! ,XV" S Richardson, chief inspector1 WASHINGTON. IVh, 1 J.-lrormv! i LON1XXV. Feb . 1.-Tv,vid Uovd
roed Senator "dexW eelrJth i $fr,.,!" 'P'L S,e J , like the Nihilists. fW:r on the ieft ' V R"' f I K re.rding Americans held a pris-j STAMFORIX Wnn.. Feb. 1 -Fir. " George, the prime minister, tonicht re-
,v wt Ti-aTv ir-rtirt to kf !J ln 53 ra Marcli 1 Tariff reg-' b,rk cf .d tater Ins-.Hvtcr at the quartern.-; oners of war in Germany was maJo;rt Stasnforvl Ex-. c -msl an urgent anmmona to wturn tv
prmit pcnponeo-.M of dicu-ion. ! ;.n in the United: H-ice crowds" gathered around the',:rd;INM "JrhJa. told the jury tuKie tonight by the war department , tract Manufacturing wrny here tvv,lris and wid start for the French
yi-.c., A !- effecting Mexican interests will nTVT,,i. ! lt' firr hd retar.msl vege-ihows: n;ght and n brick and wlon build-: capital Thnrsdar ater rHivir.
Injunction on
Title Fight
Threatened
(By Review Leased "Wire)
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 19
That an injunction may
be issued to stop the Wil-lard-D
empsey world's
heavyweight "championship
match unless the contract
ual interests of John R.
Reisler, of New York and
Tulsa, Okla.; in Jack Demp
sey are recognized, was the
statement cf A. M. Frum
berg, an attorney represent
ing Reisler, in a statement
to the Post Dispatch today.
Frumberg said that Reisler
was taking steps to protect
his interests and that New
York attorneys were now
preparing the necessary
legal steps, ,
STRIKERS SEHl TO
EXTEND WALKOUT
Ship Builders in Convention
Expected to Make Strike
Coast-Wide
(B- Riww Leased W7r)
'SEATTLE. Wash, Feb. Id. Union
leaders in the strike of 25.iVo ship
yard workers here expect action at the
Portland convention of the Pacific
Coast Metal Trades council that will
result in a coast-wide strike in the
shipyards.
Bulletins posted in metal trades
u""1 "- cameu i
-w7V.
a ord received from the Portland
uiscrKi coavenuoa seems io jnuicaie
tnat oetore. me week has enaeo. the
Portland and bay cities will be out for
f ' " m. ?f
Ptt51 SOUn,i d"
as well as the
PORTLAND Ore Feb. 19. Official
bfiKn jj jr votes that
n4T htvi Kn t4Cfn t-wiv m-tto w?K
UJ . .
Trd;!rscl U5L. U xd
tomorrow.
A California delegate, who declined
taSu i
i to allow his name
cf the council s de
..
s disclosure of its proceedings, declared
.j ,v ,vl " i
. .v.. .v . ...-
"; "713 . ,
ment were broken, none would be
....... ... .
rv crxrr T"- -nir rv
. inruVUi;
,By Rvw Lad Wire)
m..!
- -
donia at a mass meeting here adopted
'""iui j toiwuei; tauii me w i
f av ior or Lao tsuigarians in western ;
-ruUu "V-"-
reiugees. copies or tne resolution
r aTe .,seat to Iet V,Mn;Unew hi. assailant. He had seen him" According to information given out
Fremier Clemenceau. Premier Uloyd ,.. , v. . .". !. ,, . .........
T,l w L m,e Un"
era! Franche d'Esperey.
pnnv TH nDDACr 1 1 C
aK-U I IU UiTUoL U. O.
CONTROI ORGANIZED
1 Ryftw"
. 7Z
W YOll'rlll-rmation
by the 5-, Bankers' associa-
, , .k
t v announced tonight,
xht, .7-. :
,7. ! 'P111 ,in
fort'-nw wta resoiutwn adopted
tiooi
,
BJrUJJ VAJ.V3ULO
I be iici.sed- Consul General Andres 1
JG. Garcia of FJ Paso will preside.
CLEMENCEA U, SHOT 3 TIMES, SA YS 'IT'S NOTHING; '
SECRETARY OF BUTTE I. W. W. ARRESTED BY U. S.
IlfEI SHOTS 1
I ARE FIRED :
I AT PREMIER
i
One Wound Serious, But Will ;
Not be Fatal, Say Doctors; j
Would-be Assassin Cap-
tured by Youth of 1 6 Years J
PARIS, Feb. 19 (By the Associat-i
ed
Press.) Georges Clenienceau.
; characteriied by Lloyd George as ;
; "France's Grand Young Man." was at-.'
I tacked today by an anarchist. Emile'
Cottin. known as "Milou." Seven shots
were fired, three of which struck the
muscles of the shoulder, penetrating,
deeply, but so tar as is at present !
known, not injuring the spine, or pen- j
etrating the lungs. Two bullets bruised !
the right arm and hand, while two
other bullets are reported to havej
passed through the premier's clothing, j
At the time cf the attempted assas- j
sination, M. Clemenceau had just left
home to drive in a motor car to a con-;
ferencs with Colonel Edward M.j
House of the American peace dele-!
gation, and Arthur J. Balfour,, British j
secretary ior foreign affairs. Though
bleeding profusely. M. Clemenceau;
was able to return to bis homewhere
he reassured the members of his
cuirers with: "It is nothing."
Condition Satisfactory
Latest reports from his attendants t
were ihst his condition van strisf-si
v w. I
uu mai ue was cueenui luiougn-
out the dav, despite occasional fits of
I coughing. ,
For th rresent it has been decided
CT the surgeons that extraction of the
bullets may not be necessary, and rj
rangements have been made to take'
X-ray photographs of the injured parts, I
be a harmless person associating with
anarchists and aicing in their propa
ganda, declared that he had planned
to kill the premier because M. Clem
enceau ,was the enemy of humanity
and was preparing for another war.
After temiHrary aid had been given J
l M. Clemenceau. Professors Gosset and
of tJl diversity of Pax
kuiTW consultct.. They decided
Paris.
a
on
an X-ray
exatntnation.
une or lhi
..HI
ttrpecs
photography touu not
ry to remove the bullet j
tot be i.ocessary
; as .m iviTj i.anviT-u hum ii v m-1
Ipcrtwst tlood xtssel had been touched, j
j although the mound was deep and Med -
visitea cy Army Leaders
Bmerging from his car. M. Clemen-'
his ,CT "tT "Z
t,w J s mMa tor
1 im report thai
'oj jn tj- ceA1
ie nrst report that he had
been
"Vjji-sV.al Foch
arrived about 1.)
... . .
r remained some time. navy, but that he had remanded the
Pwraier Clemenceau was quite case for further consideration because
cheerful in spite of occasional fhs oi.the punishment was not -vere
jcoughiog. He declared to members of
: hi? f viiVnl4 . V W .. V.
coughios. He declared to members of
j but tue man had slunk awav.
Henri Moulin, a barner's assistant.
who was the first to setie the as-1
sassin. described his experience In
somewhat flustered manner
I kept running after the murderer "
he said, "but as 1 ran 1 was sreatly I P5 he naval physical requirements
puuled what to do when I reached ind a'-aor bribe of $500 alleged to
his side. But when I saw him fling his ! have btvn to secure a desired
revolver away, it save me courage.! dcUil r another man.
and 1 ran faster, closing in on him
and I took one good swi;o at hita and
a coupie 01 kicks oeiore a aeiectivej
arrived." ' t
Moulin is a strong youth of about J
l1. He seemed to feel proud as he!
rosed for photographs and blushed as
giris cheerevl and kisseu him for fcisi
bravery. . j
tOminued cn Ff TVar)
F
1 .... . . . i.i 1 111 , nil 1 iri l 1 1 ' 1 ii 1 i 1 aui 1
1 in f pia -i -n T era cim - - i i
'My Bay, 9 Says
Assailant of
French Leader
tl'y Review I-OiUwl Wirw)
. PARIS, Feb. .19. (By
the Associated Press.) De
scribing his attack on the,
premier, Emile Cottin said:
"I determined to carry
cut this project a few days
,ago and for this purpose
went to the Rue Franklin to
see how I could attack the
premier with the least pos
sible risk."
A police official said that
Cottin had informed him
that he had gotten his first
good look at M. Clemen
ceau at a reception in honor
of the king of Italy. "From
that moment the old man's
doom was scaled." said
Cottin. "Whv did I choose
this day? Well th ere is al
ways a red letter day in a
man's life. This was my red
letter da v.
MM OFFICERS
face m wm
r it i r r t
UllC mcmoer Or IxeserVeS Ml-
ready Sentenced to Three
Years in Prison
(IV Review I easxsl Vre
WASUlNO.rON, Feb, 1?. U.
jamin Pavis of Plymouth. l
el to the medcal corps, atid Fuisign be the beg$minx of a series of r
lul Urex-k of New York city, member sheas who are alleged to have
of the naval rxVirve force, are uuder responsible for stirring up labvr
arrest at New York awaitins court
martial la connection with charges of
brilvry and raft in the thirxl natal
district.
In msking this announcement to
right, secretary Itaniois revealed that
the arrest of a
third naval officer
hii beets ordered today. The name of
;h.s officer was not d- r.Mi..
ever, as the naval i
this would interfere w
of the general inquiry
authorities said
itn the progress
now being coa-
r"."1" ",un9 "l 'r- "''-"''s.
Lieutenant Mavis ain.iv
tried ar.d sentenced to three years im-
! "k " -k 'r1.
.e-.s said tonight.
pordins the inwsti-
gat ion of ten other charges against the
Cticer. Mr. Ianicls said that at the
. first trial the court recommended dis-
T 7.
enough. Later the three year sentence
! X-- o. rv)
enough. Later the three vear sentence
jnary report of department officials
I no are cnducting a searching; in-
vest ignt ion ot tne whole matter, men
aiThaeJ specmoally ,a bribe ot SHHH
iPid to secure a favorable medical re-,
! Pn cn n applicant who could not
! FRAUD CHARGED IN
ARMY SHOE CONTRACT
NEW YOKK. Feb, 1. Testimony
that Morris and Leo Rcsseawasser.
i..r , kw v us n-iria-
j mert contracts.
' t . fi .. !...... iw ........ . i .
ISHITOI
WARRANT TO
FIX CHARGES
Believed Arrested Man Will
Be Accused Under Two
Laws; Is British Subject,
Living in U. S. for 1 4 Years
Tiy Review I.ased Wire
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 19. Joseph
Kennedy, branch secretary of the
i Metal Mine Workers Industrial union
; Xa S00. I. W. W.. one of the organiia-
j tioas that declared a strike of miners
in Buite on February 7. was taken into
custody today by United States imnii
igration authorities,
i Kennedy was taken into custody by
.C K. Andrews, luintigratioa inspector
: in c?iarse of the district com arista?
r Moutana and Idaho and by Iraniigra-
;uou Inspector Fh.l Baldwin. He is a
j British subject and has been in the
; United States 14 years. He has never
applied for cltixenship papers, accord
ing to the immigration official.
Active n Strik
Kennedy was active in Butte during
the receut stride of miners and prkr
lo'ta&t time- had, been active in I. W.
propaganda work, the immigration
ffioials say.
An official warrant will arrive in
i tiui'e front Washington, it was said,
f and until Us arrival no details are
javai.aM ressmnng: the charges Ken-
r.edv will bsv t.
j luimiiration officials were reticent
j regarding the charges, but it is under
.suxsl that Kennedy will have to an
jswer to allcAi viclatKnis of the iut
i migration act of February 5, iiT. and
of the act of October In U1&.
Bon-1 Many Seek Citienahip
' , rixN?t ivenneoy cy muuigra-attacn-
t.n w ..v
irouoses m t-utte.
Possibility of deisrtatun measures
be? t.iK;n in Butt is said to b re
srorssMe fv a rah of foreigners tc
mke their Jec5ara;kns f.r citJeeashix
SNrers durir? the last three day-. Sat
urday. Mer.dsy rd Tuesday the dist-
r;ct court clerk issued first patvra to
f " 4 cec.snmts. The federal curt
clerk in the same perod has Issxsed
arers to forty applicants.
SERIOUS FOOD RIOTS
BREAK OUT AT PLMA
'-v Rnw l.Nas,Nt VirV
MAn.lirv Feb, IS. Serious fvHd
tiots have broken out at Palma. Ma-
:rca. ere of the largest islands in the
trar.isa be;ueanc Vrov.p. The mar-
v,-)s ... ,,t-.x,.i .
(- All the stores and cafes have been
Th invula attempted to loot the
race- of a local millionaire named
IlS"hX. P-MC0 hnU V V . &
rwo of
off th mob.
a,hm-,.. .s.w v.-
suardins the railway stations, while
inxps are patrolling the city.
FPPDRT5 TO C M I nrr
"f iyj WA.LX. VJrr
BUILDING STRIKE FAIL
(t-v Rx-iew T.eavt Wr
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19 Represen
tatives of the Building Trade Employ
ers Trades association, and of the
building trade unions tailed to reach
an agreement for settlement of the
threatened nation-wide strike here
today and tonight with officials of the
war ana labor department. Another!
conference will be held in New York!
m . .v.'? If tt t unfruit -
-lav'ir1TOtinf.Wlll Uk 1,1
Washington next Monday
1 . . , .
111M in iirrann rnson camp:
, Ernest A. Love. rrecot, Ari.
Soldiers Bet
160,000 Franca
On Football
COBLENZ. Feb. 19.
(By the Associated Press.)
One hundred and sixty
thousand francs bet by men
of the Second and Fourth
American army divisions
went to the Fourth division
today -when the Second di
vision lost the semi-final
game for the football cham
pionship of the Third army.
The score was Fourth di
vision. 1 0 : Second division,
7. Hundreds of German
civilians viewed the game
and for the first time saw
football as it is played in the
United States.
HUNS STILL THII
THEY ARE RIGHT
"
. . , .
Hitrden Ueclares Germans Uo
Not Yet Know Foe Was
Responsible for War
, n. Russia, havinji Nvu wado jser
URlS$VUS. FeK 1. lUrttish Wire-- less to further prosecute xar. can w.lv
less Service. i Maximilian Harden. u pcac recujvrat from her wounds;
editor of lie Zukuuft of lVrlin. iu an - bi.t such work of re.w.tructtoa is rviv.
saterview in l.e Sr of Brussels, de-- eercl iiu;vssibu by the civil war.
clares that the Oerman people were which is being advocate anl tsl
misled as to the caus of the war. by the criminal wsurpers witut" re
They beUewsl at the outfcrcaV tht vail for i.iit, or law. whose Ucsjvt
Uermany was in the right and even isin burvlcn a great part of KussU.
ce.iev now last rig at was on tRotri
side.
Fanjror William, llarvlea declares!,
was drawn into the war against his
owu wishes, but once hostilities be
gan it was he who kept aliv national
.atred and was res;vnslie r the
methods of warfare Tor which e
.wrU would never forgive vler;ua:iy.
-Oar iple." said Ur4oa. 'Mid r.ot
know and do not row know. They
loyally Uev-ed that right was oa
their side. If they had wot. they
wvnlvl uvt have fought and sut-
vixsl as they did. They NfC.fervJ iu a
coalition against Germany. They did
Late News
Nh 0RK. Feb. ll The vat--ka and a hUh wind prevented the
iuard of Americans detailed i;i tier; ;-.retv.en from checkins tlie f -me. The
nawy during the war returned tonight . ;0ss v,ts estimated at JT50 . x
Uv thoir native land on the steamship '
United States. They were twx i I
number. Helming IMeter. SI. of F.l-j M l.VKK, N. Y-. Feb. 1.V- A
laso. Texas, ar.vl Ron lVters. St. ot !vrx f vHVS,s vah;ed at
Stapleton. N. Y IVMh were oucst ioncl ' JVU f1" -' including to ra-
closely by naval intelligence officers, !v,OUs Vt r n' wo:v ,1;v -W
j Rfe which rstcxl several bsi;
MINNEAPOLIS Minn.. Feb. is.-' hou a-r t riavtd.
Capt. IVb Roeper. the Chicago heavy-J
weight, and Johnny Noye. a tight-j WASHINGTON, yvb. i- irther
weight of St. lanl. won decision vkto- disclosures of his ettcrts to change
ries iu ten round "bouts here tonight.; the army court martial system wer
Roeper met Jack Reed of Tolovlo and i made by Brigadier General Ansoa.
Noye clashed with Fratikie Sullivan formerly acting v.vlge adve'ate gen
of l.os Angeles. jeral. hi a ytter to Representative Bur-
i wett of Alabama, which was rd to-
B ELF A ST. Feb. 1. The general ; n'ght in the house. General Ansell
strike at Belfast, which began nearly j tvvld of one case hi which in h "desire
a month ag ended tonight with the
decision of the remaining &.(v4 boiler-1
makers to return to work on the terms ,
laid down by the employers. These!
terms give the workmen a 47 hour
week pending a natknal settlement
of the controversy.
FAR1S. IVb, l?
-tly the Assvvlat
J ,ress.iTbe itritish prime
Nor. Mr. Uoy d Gevrge. has sent
minis -
aiues -
i sage to
Glcmenceau. saying: ' T
s . . ...
- ings in an area oi ii acres were e-
j siroyed. lsjuent explosives of chem-'
I
'AGREEMENT
MPOSSIiiE
ALLIES TOLD
Siberia and Archangel Declare
They Cannot Consider Any
Meeting Which ' Includes
'Delegates From Bolsheviki
Ky Rivhw Iais WitvV
! WASHINGTON. Feu. lt Formal
'rejection of the proposal that thev
inuvt delegates or the bolshevik and
, other Russian governments at
; lMuce's island was handed t the
peace conference at larts tvsiav bv
representatives of the governments or
SitHria. Archaugel and vuthern Rus
isia. actwrding to a dispatch to the
, Russian embassy here from Atubassa-
dor Pakhraetef f at laris.
The tet of the note as cabled by
Ambassador lUkhmetett. follos:
itij.r.iy appreciating the mottvea
f
which inspired the allies in their pro-
rat ot January 2i the above men-
oned soveruments mark with uik.
faction that the wntorer.ee considers
re-estaMishment of orvler Ut U.s-
ossentUl cwndition to cr-
; bie pve in Kurop aud tiadiv ac-
; crypts the allies' ou'ers to coKaboraie
iu the iutert.tr pactflcatkui of Kussia.
; Atter thrtv years of fighting ia which
she loyally p.;rtici;.vate ami carried a,
cv,isideraMe share of the wuimou bur-
o?
po Ec)sbvii
"AUn-vg atova tvx )n.t an e.U to
the sanguitie tyrany of tae N'lshevikl
the Russian jvlitical gr.tp wo have
assumed, the task of reviving our na
tive land aud restoring the sssr v
true denivvratio Ksi would bv ratc-
ful to the iv cv-nferer.c tor t-e a
sistaacv w.-.Kh it desire to eventVo
tis work of national rewnstracivn
They consider it a certa"v that
evcrvth;ng tat wi.l be done Vo Wstore
to Xussia as swa a Interior wiVer is
institv.text, it place tu the xvviotv oT
txitivns. will efticaciouslv s.rvy aMbe
s.t.-.e tare to the aivo.s of ;s;W
. , .
Bulletins I
to servo justice he had boon forced
to got to a member of congress to
get him to place before the preskleut
the facts in connection with- tour men
; sentenced to death atier they had been
! mot unfairly tried.
i FHOKNIX, FeV s The state oor
. ivration eoiu miss ion's warrant fvr the
; arrest of J. A. Karlsen, secretary of
vfe Inspiration Central Mining cvmu-
pany. stt i was ur.seml at a late hour
.
ie;ega:ea of tne tastier COr.lCix'Stc
Thursviav mvn::ng. TWO
THE EISBEE DAILY REVJEW.'THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 30, 1919.
SGOTT riEARIIIG IS 40 PACKERS COMBINE
ACQUITTED! SOCIALIST : TO ORGANIZE MEAT
SOCIETY CONVICTED
! HUNS STILL THINK 'said to Leopold IL 'If thr? is war l!i;sis r-.-.J tr, siAV ,.'..
i z-zr: . ck.m ,s. it i.k-7v " ,law iu mulu tsuu
- iviv.ui. c- kuvui ku uivans iu rvuiouv.
sestS, lIrxum will not etist anv ; rp RaUka!
' i"VT vf - 1 -x. . .
ftv Fa?e One , tve VvMr5 cr reisnof Wil- cuLii. nt , h.,.JVf L- -
;r.ct uno.erstar.d that Grea; Krialn. i;m n t. .h ; t.-vwj4;,.- .V.- ..v,-. .. ..; ! (l!v lviw usM Wirt)
THFV APT DIUT:
However, there cannot he .inv ?
H is e !i years of rcija of Wil-, c.uejtlon of exAhnag cf ideas on "
Pin : I il I n ri I K n III J J rance anj Kuss.a tad ro other object tor trie war. I: is the teaching which the bolsheviki. who the co-cne of iV V- 2 V. 1
LAlUal UUlirUFlHl lUll than ;o itt the-ir. ,,in. .has m, vftIs it i ,h : n,- L,u. JlJ. " A 1 raent ot lis-ktwu dteJ to main-;
t - . l-. VT.VJ- .T : . - .-.-."",." ..--". .V.. v-.c aa rHors oe-, ... the. Liwtv bond nrie was'
.. rlToTl tnac t soaa into r.. by
f rv. -Q U r:J: r: i' r- r- -TW AtA . ..... :...7 Iw. .. . "vator jones or Washington, who was
lury wui t-j iiuius, ucliuiuk i u ins rvnowns as .die? rive " - r; irf.i-iKiiu ma iue
,T, . . , vidatioa of Belgium was a crime
which turned the enlightened universe
asiainst Germany. They are still cer-
i tain that if Germany had not invaded
MONEY TO LOAN
Watchea, Oifrene. Jlry. Etc
Ki:aSj Mouie 19 Branch Star.
United Loan Jewelry Co,
BISSEE BREWERY GULCH
Writer Innocent and
Publishers Guilty
of Industry, Excluded by
' Association
(Ky Review Leaded Wire) j iBy Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb, 19. Scott Near-1 CHICAGO. Feb.. 15. A tentative
inR. one time professor in the Univer- I skeleton of an export corporation com-
pesea or. meat packers was iormeu
here today at a meeting at which 40
sity oi Pennsylvania and Toledo uni
versity and a socialist candidate in
this city ia the last congressional
campaign. . was a quit led of seditious
writings by a federal jury here to
day. The American Socialist society, co
defendant, was tound Kuilty on both
counts in the indictment. The jury
was given the case at 1 o"clocv yes
terday afternoon and returned its ver
dict after deliberating approximately
29 hoars. "
The indictments were based on pub
lication by the Rand Book store, ope
rated by the American Socialist so
ciety, of Xearing's pamphlet. The
Great Madness," ia which he discuss
ed militarism.
The two counts on which the so
ciety was convicted, chirped the so
ciety and Nearing individually with
having attempted to cause insubord:-
natioc and refusal to perform duty ia
the array and navy, acd with having
attempted -to interfere with enlist
ment. The other counts, charging Nearin.;
and the society with conspiracy ia
the publication of the pamphlet, had
been dropped before the case was giv
en to t. jury. . ...
THREE ARRESTS IN
CIGAR THEFT CASE
Three Mexicans are in jail a waiting
preliminary hearing on a charge of
concealing and disposing of stolen ar
ticles. The Mexicans, whose names
are Fernacder Smith. Arturo Ruix and
Enrique Soberao. were ameted Tues
day by Railroad Officer Irvin?toc
Szaith and Ruiz were employed as
chuckers ia the E. P. & S. W. ware
house here, but Sobreno is a stranger.
Several complaints have been made
recently with regard to the amount of
cigars and cisarettes disappearing
frrora the warehouse. Goods to the
value ot several hundred dollars have
been missed. When the men were ar
rested, approximately $73 worth of to
bacco was recovered.
MASQUERADE
BALL .
FRIDAY NIGHT, FEB. 21
MRS. SALES DANCING
- ACADEMY
PRIZES WILL BE GIVEN
Music by Long's Orchestra
EVERYBODY INVITED
Gcrts Sl.CO Ladies Free
firms from all over the country repre
sented by about TO delegates. Pack
ers known as the Big Five are not
included.
Twenty-five firms pledged $5000
each, if needed, to start the corpora
tion under provisions of the Webb
Pomerene law,.
It was expected a program would be
mapped out tomorrow.
F. S, Snyder of Boston, chier ca
the meat division of the food admin
istration, called the meeting and ex
plained that as the meat division
would cease to allot - supplies, the
small packers might find it advisable I
to organize to retain some of the for-!
cign trade which c&me to them during f
the war. j
His remark that allocation of or
ders probably would cease soon was '
reflected in the provisions pit on the j
board of trade where hog prices regis- J
ttred declines of 15 to 75 cents. It '
ad also a bearish effect on corn. 1
Mr. Snyde asked the advice of the
meeting as to whether the meat di- j
vision should continue duriag March I
to stabilize the price of hogs, and '
this was given unanimous approval!
w hen he gave the opinion that if the j
$17.50 guarantee for hogs were with-;
drawn the price would advance. He
explained that the future course of:
the market depends largely on such !
governmental action as might be tax-j
ea in Europe with regard to stabilix-!
AGREEMENT LMPOS-
enemv: thev i.-.n. Kv i . . , i
'ot. nfty. trampled th-plorin!C he that 3 atv BOWj
CTT31 f ATlTUCTn? n T I ,nK;,',:" ,cn ?own selling far below par. No agreement
SIBLE ALLIES TOLD j cinlUed countries and maintained . wa cached, however . t!Taat
Utelr power exclusively by terror. measures should be taken. The sen
There is no conciliation possible be- ator criticiied national banks for dis
tween them and the national Russian . counting bonds below the figure at '
UJ JT ?US TU,1 nvl onl.aich banks originally sold them andj
remain without eKect. but ought pos- suggested some legislation to maintain !
?1MV caus In tho Kintftitn mIi-Lm. . .v - .v . . . .
- - --- 1 ' - 1 - --- - - - - - Kie oi ine oonas or to rrovtoei
n old idea of the hed powers for the purpose of making ! """ell as to the allied nations an Irre-; for the redemption ot bonds ot sma'l '
of his outbursts hej known to them he actual situation ot!r"ol moral prejudice. .denominations at par j
Belgium. Great Britain and France humanity and of international peace,
were ready to do so. PersonaKq. I for which the conference is striving,
do not think Fro ace ever thought of "At the same time the united gov-
such a thing, and if she had Great emments of Russia are readv to nut
Briiaia would not have permitted it. j themselves at the disposal of the al-
tut it was a
kaiser's. In one
r
ing prices and regulating supplies.
IVHAT ABOUT YOUR INCOME?
The elements comprising the
fcody are constantly wearing out
and must be renewed dairy, else
the outgo ci strength exceeds
the income.
EMULSB0M
trill help the tired business-man or
woman keep pace with the wear
and tear of life. Scof f
aouTKhes the bocy. biood and
aervea, and bdps tsair.t&k. an S
ee balance oi stream Jx and Yl'
nergy. ae.gervf your in-
Soxl & Eow I-vcickU I,
"t f
QUOKG FATLDKG
Dealer in
Fresh I!eats and Vegetables
Naco, Sonera, Mexico
ProL-D. J. McIIwee
DANCING" ACADEMY
At Ercphy Hall, Lowell..
Will Give a
GRAND OPENING BALL
Mcniiy Evening. Feb. 2-
and i:i gne an exh.fcition cf fancy
ball room iaicing. during the even
ing, two I .idies assisiicg. F.ve
ricce orchvstra.
Gents 75 c Ladies Free
Phone 20
DR. A. B. ROOD
Has opened a clean, well
equipped
DENTAL OFFICE
in the
EAGLES BLDG.
1
i
1 i;
PIANO LESSONS
givrn by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy. New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars ruaranteed,
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera "Drive . Orp, High School
CHILDREN'S DARCE
MRS. SALES ACADEMY
Washington's Birthday,
February 22nd
EVERYBODY INVITED
Dancing at
7:30
Admission
10c
mziu nowerea
'Red Crown is stralgritKlistillcd,
a II -refinery gasolixtc. Lock for the
Red Crown sign before you fiU.
STANDARD Oil. COiTPAJiT
jfte Gasoline
Ofs,
DO YOUE SHOPPING MERE
TODAY- AND
F
RIDAY
Store Gosed All Day Saturday 7asuington's Birthday
and Ready- iw im, a . , j v v' "mm ," -gL 1 j;j a. u- m ji of Good
to Wear H jg frriBf lgD j: tlj yv i ' I Values
SPECIAL VALUES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS
i
Childreiis Dresses Off
Children's Gingham an4 Percale
lVesses. in checks, stripes, plaids
and plain colors; in light and dark
shades. All new styles, with collar.,
and sleeves Xrimmed with protty
braid; smocking pockets, with
belts. Sizes 2 to IS years.
Regular $1.00 values, now 67c
Regular $1.50 values! tow ..$1.00
Regular $1.7 .values, now ..$t.!9
Regular $2.00 values, now ..$t.S3
Regular $:.; values, now ..$1.50
Regular $2.50 Talues, now ..$1.85
Regular $3.00 Talues. now ..$2.00
Regular $5.50 values, now . . $11.35
Regular $4.00 values, now ..$iS7
Regular $4.50 alues, now ..VWO
Regular $5.0? values, now ..$3.35
SECOND FLOOR
II m nil .mm 11 1 T 1 , it ml ifm i Hi I ' I i I' Kl
H? wf
pretty style, with collars, cuffs
anvl hefts. Some are hand em
broidered. Sisea trom 6 months to
S years.
Regular $Sc values, now ... 5e
Regular $1.25 values, now ... Sic
Regular $1.50 values, now .,$1.00
Regular $1.75 value, now ..$1.19
Regular $2.00 values, now ,.$1.S5
Regular $2.23 values, now ..$1.50
Regular $2. 5ft value, now ,.$1.$S
Regular $X.O0 values, now ,,$2.00
GOLD AND SILVER PUMPS
$6.00 and $7.50 values at $3.95
Ladtes Gold end Silwr Party SUpere all
sires. Special lor Thurdsj- &ai Fridar
at - $$.$$
MAIN' FlXOR
-5
OUTING FLANNEL 22V;C YD.
Regular 40c Value
Special for two days seUir.g, Outing F!an
rels. in fancy stripes, checks and plaitt
colors; In assorted shades atd. ...2Cs
MAIN FLOOR,
MADRAS SHIRTINGS, 32Vc
YARD
50c and 65c Values
Midras Shining, ta a nice assortment cd:
patterns, in net stripes. On sale at.
yd ;C
MAIN FLOOR
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS IN
Mens and Bovs Wear
Extraordinary Good Values, $3.00
Men's and Young Mens
KHAKI PANJS
Now Piked at 2.50
THESE ARE POSITIVE FACTS.
Kxery p&ir U absolutely fast cxors, made
evtra well, perfect fitting, reinforced crotch
ad seams are tsped; K-it loops; and watch
pockets, wiih tabs Chovse from Olive Drab,
also rrgiIatio;i khaki shades, plain or cuff bot
torn. Sues 2 to 50 TAist. Priced at ...S2.S0
VELL WORTH THE MONEY MEN'S $3.00, $3.50
AND $4.00 SOFT HATS, REDUCED TO $1.95
Broken lots cf our regular lines. Choose from gray, tans and greens
shapes are all good Incoming to nuvsi men. ' Sixes in the lot range
from 6 to 7'h- WHILE THEY LAST, THURSDAY, at $1.$5
f Mother's Take Notice
BOY'S $2.25 CORDUROY KNICKER PANTS
, REDUCED TO $1.95
Made of good quality corduroy material. Every pair fuil cut and well
niada. Come in dark shades cf broan. Hip and watch rockets.
Siies up to 17. Reduced to $1.95
MEN'S SHIRTS AT 95c, Values up to $2.00
Remainder of oyr Sale Shirts. Many good patterns left. Stiff and
soft cuffs, in neat stripes and plain colors. All are good styles taken
from our regular stock of "Eniery." "Eagle " aud "Manhattan" brands.
Some slightly soiled in showing, otherwise they are perfect. While
they lat, Thursday, at 9
MEN'S UNDERWEAR SPECIALS
Heavy Colton Shirts and Drawers at
SSc GARMENT
Men's Heuvy Ecru Cotton Shirts and Drawers:
ihirts. with Ion? slervrs: drawers. :;nkle lencth.
ileg'ilar $1.0-0 values. Sfec!;.l at garment
or $1.75 suit.
WOOL SHIRTS ANO DRAWERS AT St.6?
GARMENT
Wright's IV-rby Rtl Wi.ol Shirts and lrjr:s.
Sriins. l-ng .-Uocs. wth satin facing, drawers
;r:'tvle lerih. s!in f.;i:m waist. AM m.
re-,.ur $"x alus. 0,1 sal? at St.S' e.i.-m-r.;
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
OF
MAIN
BUILD1HC
SILK BLOUSES
$2.45 and $3.95
A style for every particular woman fevr many
styles are assembled ia one. lot of cfcarrcrug
blouses. The most particular is shre to ttttl
several that wxmld delight her.
GEORGETTE, CREPE DE CHINE
AND TUB SILKS
are included in ths wonderful array lace
trims some, while others depend upon their
tailordr.ess for chic. All sorts and kinds of
r.eck lines are shown. Special .. $2.45 and $S.9S
ANNEX
? i
DRESSING SAQUES, SPECIAL AT 52c AND SSc
Women's Calico Pressing Sao.ues, made of blue and gray calico, in
stripes and patterns. Special sale at Ls2c
Women' nowered Creiv Dressing Sacucs, in ver- prcttv patterns,
in light and dark shades; trimmed with lace- and embroidery; itri
belts. Special sale at
GALATEA CLOTH, 32c
YARD
Good grade Galatea Cloth, in
light and dark shades, wide and
narrow stripes.
IADIES GARTERS 15c
PAIR ,
Ladies Elastic Garters, in white
only. Regular 25c value, on sale
at
... 15c
TOWELS AT
REDUCED PRICES
Huck Towels
la plaia and white, with rei oor-
Siie. 1Sx5. special at.
der.
each
Turkish Towels
Bleached and unbleached.
15x2S. Special at. each .....
ANNEX
,17o
Siie
...10
WOMEN'S SHOES $2.45, VALUES UP TO $4.45
SPECIAL A SALE OF WOMEN'S SHOKS-jn.i . w.k w..
. w v UV I V
prue
asked they ar both lace and button styles, high and low heel t:h
cloth and kid tops, in a good assortment of sites. Special sale at $2.44
FELT SLIPPERS, $1.15 PAIR
lor men and oiuen. Dainty colors el pink, blue and g:a.
si.es. S to 11; women's sites, 5V to S.
ANNEX
Men's
GIVE THAI OTHERS EIAY LIYE, ARIZONA'S DRIVE FOR RELIEF IN THE NEAR EAST
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Ph
one
Box 1129
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER a STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence, BIstk 333
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE l& O K ST.
r
c h. mm
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Pn 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
121
Oftlca 8tvs
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
lCe.H0GM
QTY DYE WORKS
Qcanins & Pressing
Pbn 759,
Opjk Y. W. C A,
QUEEN LAUNDRY
R?ctntliy Solicit Yawe
Patrnas
PHONE 53
RISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Wri(ous A orice Oppcit tVpt
PHONES 640 and 50.
In Preparing
Spccificaiions
; it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
; use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
1 quantities much closer than if
you don't specify' us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
BisheeLumherCo.
Vlueorporatedl
EMIL MARKS, MSr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 2$
a THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1919,
THREE
V
t
1
RUSH WORK ON ROAD
FUNDS , PETITION TO
LEGISLATURE URGES
Two Resolutions Passed at
Meeting of Soldiers
Employment Bureau
beven bhots Fired at
At a cieijtiiv? of the Bisbee-Doujlas
l-unfau ct employment for return?d
soldiers anl sailor, bold at the Y. XI.
C A. last nigM to resolutions -which
are exjvcted to have fs.r reaching pow
ers ia the uray of re'ierirrg the present
situation of unemployment ver draft
ed and passed by those present; one
to be sent to the state legislature and
the other ta be sent to. the county
board of su??rrIsors cf Cochise
county. The resolution sent the state
Mirin in
Premier by Assailant
nuuoL anu ouihil
Three Take Elf feet. But Only One Wound Is Serious;
Ciemenceau In No Danger
LEAGUE OF NATIONS iHOME BUREAU FOR
WARREN DISTRICT
(Continued from rape On!
"This is a Russian.""
Desrue the fact that they were in
formed that the premiers' assailant
was French, they refused to believe it.
At police headquarters The Asso
ciated Press was informed Cottin has
a record there, with Bertillon meas
urements. He was regarded as a mild
sort of anarchist. The authorities did
not believe he would be reckless
enough to atS?rapt such a terrible act.
Cottin lived at Mont Rouge, a suburb-
cf Paris, in a small hotel which
has Ions teen under police supervi-
K cislature vrrsres that body to tahe ira-: as " 15 ireutrweaxj kuixuii.
necessarv steps to pro- - w
mecr.ue ad
Tide an increased levy of taxes to be ,
utittied for state road purposes of toe
less than S3.iW.000; while the resola-'
t:oa sent the county supervisors asks!
j makingr speeches than for acts of vio
lence.
The police refuse ; sav whether
them to use immediately at their d is- they believe the attack on the premier
creticn all funds vallate for road was the result of a. plot or merely an
work, thereby assisting in relieving individual act. They are working.
t.e presfr.t stuatka. j however, apparently on the theory that
The rr.eeti-ic. which was well at-it was a riot, as the little hotel was
terdrd. was representative cf the sev- encircled, and a thorough search of
erU mir.injr companies, legal profes- the building for incriminating: deci
sion, city council and tatcr nnions. . meats is being made.
S?vrral sreeches offering suggestions Secretary Lansing called at the
on tew to cope w;-J the questions of Cien:enceau home to convey the syra-urem-ployner.t
and how to go about ' pathy of the American commission and
and create employment were delivered the American people. After his visit
during the evening. j he said that in order t allay the nat-
John Mason Ross suggested that a'ural apprehension that might be cre
funi for good road purposes might be! ated as to the effect of the attack upon
taken cut cf the general fund and later the French premier on the work of
when the state received its taxes the ' the peace conference, it was. his opin
money could be returned to the orig- ion and that of others with whom he
in?l fund. cenfered that the conference work had
-The money is needed cow, said been so well organised by M. Clemen
Mr. Ross. nd if we wait for the leg-, ceau and had progressed to such an
islatcre to pass on the good roads is-' advanced stage that most of it now
sue and then wait until it is put to was In committee and would continue
the voters to decide, it would be sev- virtually without interruption,
era! years before the work could be Larmn Exrtrpw
started, especially at this time, as it ; 1 "mS Impresses
wcuid be rather difficult to sen bonds ' America s Sympathy
now. I suggest that ir tnis organira- PARIS. Feb. 19. (By the Associat
ion wants action through the state, j ed Press.) A statement given out to
the only thing to do in this emergency ! the French and American Press says:
is to raise the money by increasing J "Secretary Lansing called at M.
the tax levy." j Clemenceau's home to convey the
C. T. Knapp said that much difO- deepest sympathy of the American
cnlity would arise in raising money j people, himself and other members of
at this time and that at least two I the American peace commission, re
years would elapse.before actual work j garding the attack made on the French
could be started should the legislature j statesman. Furthermore more formal
decide to vote favorably on the good ! expression of regret is being prepar
roads proposition. He also advised i ed, as the American "government
that the emergency money be raised j wishes to do even-thing in its power
by increasing the tax levy. to show its very profound sympathy
Charles Roberts, supervisor, sug- j over such a dastardly act.
gested that the county authorize a ; Foreign Minister Pichon visited the
county bond issue, or appropriation in premier, remaining with him for halt
j order that employment mi?ht be given an hour. This was about 5 o'clock in
men. - He k said - that several hundred1 the afternoon and M Pirhnn
men would be given work by the coun- the premier as "doing well." He added
ty within a few weeks. , J that after the first shot. M. Clemen- j
ceau said:
"He has missed me! not thinking
that other shots would follow.
Poindexter and Fess Deliver
Prepared Addresses De
nouncing Plan
Polk Sends Message
Of Sympathy to France
(Fv Kvhw LeasJ Wlnrt
WASHINGTON. Feb, 19.-rThe state
department tonight made public the
following cablegram sent by Acting
Secretary Pouk to French Minister of
Foreign Affairs Finchon:
"Government and people of the
United States are shocked beyond
measure and deeply grieved at hear
ing of the criminal attempt on the life
ber. Senator Reed suggested that the
league's executive council would be
composed of eight non-American mem
bers possibly enemies and that its
FORMEDAT MEETING
Mrs. Mary Pritner Lockwood.
University Demonstration
Expert, Speaks
WHOLESALE GROCERS
January
yon national park In Oooor.iro. coumw
TV kirrT t nt!pvtv,iivrv,,r,: ,v' " ar.onvcracnt tovtav
TO MEET IN PHOENIX by tv u Km. uirm-
v " jdeni of Mount UanW national
Wholesale otsvW wUtio S ' V rv ,r
th.v AK-,m, v..,i.v..i ro-rr KwtbiUw in the national
elation xul hoM mtinVV her Vevt : hih
Saturlay. MvmWr frm all ectk- "
of tlt state
tnt.
The meeting of the produce men ha
been called, said President John P.
Barker, to cbtatn action on revom
mer.dution made by the national as
sociation relattng to oernment own
ership of the railroad refrlcerauvr r
A meeting for the purpose of orjan-j service and the introduction of a sys
tem of standard fruit packtnf.
will attend both xather-
uing a Home Bureau in this district
was held at the Y. V. C. A. yesterday cr"x?r tt
afternoon. The exact nature of the I O. S, TO SI END BIG
this bureau ! SUMS UN ROADS HERE
cf M. Clemen, eau. whose fearless de-. vr cmpuuory
vction as a leader of his reonle has:upn "wT naucas.
statement that this was the first time
i any attempt had been made to restrict
! congressional power. Senator . Hitch-
SESTZnSS SJT 1" lt ionaTnVt
able to avaxl betU ot his high pat- torv- ,n boundarr wat .
'precendent ot "direct restrictions,"
manoatory clause wouia reuuire the work to b Trformo.i v
United State to furnish troop in!wa not discus t n.fin- i
suppressing natiorulUt uprilns in; the work of orcanitin is beincon-. ...0vVJ.vir . .
i - - i nvi..v tfw, 4. la ijrai
sidered first. Several able speakers ' government i planting to spend lar$
were present at the meeting. includ-m on the roads about Crand Can-k
tag Mrs. Mary Pritner ljockwood. state j
leader of the home demonstration
agent ot the University of Aritor.a; j
Miss Crave Fryslager of the agrkul-
i
Canada. Ireland. Australia and other
countries.
Canadian Question Recalled
In hi first public comment on the
league charter. Senator Lodge de
clared he waa convinced the provision.
B A Mf.
EAGLES CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 3:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
woa for him in this country universal'
admiration and respect.
Way his recovery be rapid and j
complete and his great energy remain
riotism and abilitfes,"
s Grave Prysiusr of the a.r:
turai extension ue;virtment at wasa-t
injeton. and Miss Lmis Sporleder. !
Yesterday Miss HrKder save a j
cookinjr demonstratKn to 3 Mexican;
women la the Allen store. The wotu-
en from Tin Town appNroi much in-!
terested in the methods of cooking
demonstrated by Miss Sporleder. sol
Don't Let Catarrh Drag - -
. You into Consumption
King George Elxpressea
His Grief Over Attack
; apoa congressional powers over arcva- Toture lessons will be slven. Mr. I
' ment. Senator Knox declared the George Cvbb. representing the Twen- i
prececent appaea only to boundary ticth tvntury club, accompanied Mis
sa?e to Premier Ciemenceau:
""1 am shocked to hear of the das
tardly attack on you this morning and
earnestly trust the injuries are not se
rious and that thanks to your splendid
energy and courage you will soon be
restored to health and continue your
great and valued efforts for France
d the allies." VT2
LONDON. Feb. 1?. tia Montreal) !tK twt v.tr,. ..,!.
King George sent the following mes-jBoj t dooo jj, McDERMOTT DEFEATED
the case ot other treaties. ; R(vw i.t wirv
-If we had been makityt pc in- CHICAGO. Kb. IS. Michael Mc-
stead ot contracts for the future. Dermott ot th Illinois Athletic club,
w would have been much nearer a for years holder of the li yard breast
final settlement ot peace condition, stroke record in the national amateur;
s j.anrrmi st
mere is a wore serious stag of
t&tarra than th annovance caused
by the $torped-f.p air passAgv. and
tr; hawking and spitlin and other
distasteful features.
The real danger cctnes from the
teadency cf the dlseas t continue
its course downward until the lure
become atTecNvl. and then dreaded
ecr.s.rr.ptka ia en your path. Your
rwn experience has taught x-ou that
tho Uisxas cannot bo curd bri
and other local applications,
S. S. ha proven a most aatisfac
tcry remedy lor Catarrh, becaus it
toes direct t ita source, and re-
v v . u' rina cf the disease frvr
the bxsl a Wtt!e frctn xvur
druggst today, ar-d begin the Vr.lj
logical treatc.er.t that i-v .!
suits. 1 .-- ... .
sdvic xnthout charr bv writir.c ra
A-evJical P.nector, vift UKra
tory, Atlanta, Ca,
said Mr. Keed, asserting that retention swimming championship, was defeated
of soldiers in American camp espe- tonight by Herbert Taylor ot the Chi
cJally waa "a piece ot stupidity with- cago Athletic association. Taylor's .
out parallel or e reuse." ' time was 2:44 2 t
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondent: Paine. Weber A Co Boston, Ouluth. Caiumet.
LOGAN a BRYAN. NSW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
GIVE TNAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
i
Gomoaire
OinrE
.very Day Price
With the So-Called Special Sales
CIBHn
Tbe Lowest Price Is All We Ast-New, Fresh and
r
PEELPS DODGE -HERCHANTEE- CO'S
Furniture Sale Still Continues
Watch Our Daily Offerings
One of the best values in our BIG FURNITURE SALE
that we have to offer is a
k GAS and COAL COMBINATION
It bums hard or soft coal, coke, wood or gas and the
convenience cannot be over estimated. ,
Regular price $72.50, very special $59.50
DOMESTIC GINGHAIilS
27 inch Toil du Nord ..-2Sc
inch Toil due Nord. 35c
inch Red Seal .26c
inch Special .26c
inch Amoskeag Apron 26c
inch La France .35c
32
27
27
27
32
PERCALES
In neat Patterns, lights and
darks
28 inch at, yd 29c
36 inch at, yd 39c
4
Be Sure of Authentic
SHOE STVT17
a i v m j a i - vr.v-i
ASK TO SEE OUR F-103
Women's Black ici Kid, Good
year welt sole, high arch, military
heel, of leather. ..A neat dressy
Oxford for outdoor wear.
CHAIilBRAY
Linen Finish in Plain and
Checks "
36 inch at, yd 49c
KIDDIE CLOTH
36 inch at, yd
7 O
1 Bite rlKl
Clean Dlercnandise Arriving Every Day
rT NEW OVERALL
PRICES
39c
CRETONNE
e
Wool D
In Sereres and Jersevs. in all the new st.vlps nnr! 1-
29 FS ors at $13.75, $14.75, $16.50, $18.50, $19.90, $22.50,
36 inch at, yd 35c
$24.75, $26.50
Sizes, AA to D, (JJJ 00
2'to8 pv
-5
CALICO
Dark Colors at. yd 17c
' PILLLOW SUPS
Extra Large..'. 39c, 43c, 49c
SHEETS
Extra Large at
69c, $1.23, $1.69, $1.89,
$1.93
TRUNKS
45 in. Wardrobe Trunks at
$31.50, $32.75, $32.50
Steamers at
SS.90, $9.90, $10.90, $12.50,
to $18.50
Suit Cases from
$1.49, $1.9$, $2.49, $2.9S,
$3.49, $3.9S, $4.9S, $5.90,
$6.90, $7.90
SILK AND GEORGETTE DRESSES
All styles and colors at $8.00, $9.90, $12.50, $13.75,
$16.50, $18.50, $19.90, $22.50, $24.75
s
In Taffeta, White. and Blue Serge, Plaids, Wool Pop
lin at $3.98, $4.98,$5.90,$6.90, $7.00, $8.90, $10.50,
$12.50, $13.75
In Crepe de Chine,- Georgette, Organdie, Voile, at
S9c, 9Sc, 1.49, $1.69, $1.9S, $2.49, $2.9S, $3.49, $3.9S,
$4.50, $4.9S, $5.90, $6.90, $7.90, $S 90
"PAYDAY"
Bib ,$Z20
Denim, extra full cut. Best
ON EARTH ,$l.S9
HEN'S EXTRA .QUALITY
Blue Denim, bib . $1.49
YAIST OVERALLS
A-l grade $1.69
BOYS' OVERALLS
4 to 7 years 9Sc
8 to 17 years $1.19
WORK SHIRTS -
Blue Chambray ... ,..i.59c
HEN'S SUITS
The best your money can buy
in serges, plain and fancy
worsteds, cheviots and cashi
meres. Buy your next suit here We
can save you money
JUST ARRIVED
A large shipment of
MEN'S PANTS
All materials, latest' patterns,
prices extremely low, consider
ing quality.
LOOK THEM OVER
SHOES
Dont forget that we offer the
latest styles and best price
at all times, in our Shcxs
Department
The Yellow Front
I MAIN STREET
7 Incorporated )
WHERE YOU
DO BETTER" FOUR
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY; FEBRUARY 20, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
,25-1
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated. Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
ot all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class
Mail Matter at Bisbee,
March 8, 1879.
Arizona, Under Act of
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month
Three months
Six months ,
Twelve months ,
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday lour weekly) per quarter
. -75
. 2.25
. 4.00
. 7.50
. 2.50
SYNDICALISM BILL
CAUSES STORM IN
HOUSE, BUT PASSES
$11,199,000 for
Coast Defense
Passes House
Miners' Hospital Measure
, Also Object of Long De
bate; Finally Defeated
Original Estimates Greatly
ixeaucea oy war department
15 NEW MEASURES
ARE INTRODUCED IN :
SENATE AND HOUSE
BUaHE
Oil
MY SHOE
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
The Civil Service Bill
Legislation which, bids fair to become the most important matter
before the Arizona legislature was placed before the state senate Mon
day, when Senator T. A. Hughes, of this district, introduced his civil
serrice bill for state employes. The measure is far reaching in effect,
vital to the state and with the possible exception of school and road
legislation, is the most pressing and momentous yet proposed.
Under the proposed act a civil service commission would be created
with powers and duties of classifying employment, establishing sal
aries, regulating the service, providing examination, appointment and
employment, giving preference to former sailors and soldiers in certain
cases, providing for suspension or removal, and protecting employes.
Present employes of the state are protected in that they are auto
matically included in the civil service of the state in present positions.
Therein the bill is fair.
Qualifications for employment in state positions will be of first con
sideration in filling all vacancies. Therein the bill provides for more
efficient, uiore economical state government
Employes of the state would be classified and each position would
offer opportunities for advancement. Each man and woman working for
the state-would then have incentive to strive for the place above.
Therein the law provides for initiative in employes, active interest in
work, and further insurance of efficiency for the state.
Where discharged soldiers and sailors are competent under exami
nation to hold places under the state civil service, they are given
preference. Therein lies an opportunity for the state legislature to "do
something tangible and real for Arizona's former fighting men to place
before them positions which, offer steady employment, chances of ad
vancement' and fair wages.
Positions of this character are what the returned soldiers and
sailors are seeking. To believe that they seek jobs on the roads, jobs
formerly held down in this state by peons and convict labor, is believing
a falacy. The passage of the civil service bfll will make places for them
which they will really desire and which they will strive to obtain.
Senator Hughes has placed before the legislature a piece of con
structive legislation which has as its purpose and aim real benefit to '
the state. The measure is characterise of the man an Arizonan, with
the interest of the state first, who will neglect his business and personal
affairs at home to aid in guiding the state into'. ways of progress and good
government.
The Borderland Route
Yesterday four trans-continental tourists passed through Bisbea in
automobiles. On the day preceding, three traveled over the same road.
This statement is significant only in that it shows constant traffic
over the Borderland route, known in the east as the Sunshine route, the
route always open to travel. '
But, the story of one of the tourists has greater significance. He
rode in an expensive car. With him were his wife and a daughter, nine
years old. They carried little camping material, just enough for emerg
encies, and relied on roads to carry them to towns each night.
They have been touring"the' United States for five years. This is
their avocation. He is retired, and his wife and daughter "love the
outdoors." The west especially has appealed to them.
Consequently, they have traveled through the west extensively, and
in Xhese travels they have seen practically every road in the southwest.
The Eorderland route, says this tourist, is the best he has yet
traveled, and he has tried all roads leading into and out of Arizona.
Last year, he said, he ' drove into the state over the Santa Fe trail,
going west. En route east, he selected the road out of Phoenix by way
of Roosevelt, Globe and thence into New Mexico. On the year previous
he came into Arizona along the lines of the Southern Pacific, through the
northern end of this county, and returned east by the Borderland route.
This year he is going to California by way of the Borderland. He
has already made up his mind to return home by the same route. His
reason is
"I have tried them alL The Borderland is the nearest finished and
the best. Its towns are largest and most conveniently situated. It has
garages and hotels and stores and restaurants the needs of the motor
ing traveler. The road is the least disturbed by elements. I have traveled
every highway from the cost to the east and from the east to the coast,
arid prefer this road."
This man's testimony can be had from nearly any transcontinental
motorist. It is a story often repeated along the route.
Now, while the money is available and when work has been so far
advanced on this route, is the time to finish its construction. The county,
its cities,- the state, and its citizens will benefit.
- This Way Out, Please
Mine host the genial Uncle Sam, who was popularly supposed to have
thrown away the key when he opened the doors of Ellis Island, is in a
fair way to lose his repute for open-handed hospitality. First there is
introduced into Congress a bill which takes the "Welcome" off the coun
try's doormat, and now we have with us a consignment of 54 undesirable
aliens marked f. o. b. New York and destined for various points in
Europe.
Apparently no intricate point in etiquette is involved; the action of
Judge John C. Knox in denying the application for a writ of habeas
corpus on the part of the men to be deported would so indicate. . The
only issue seems to be the right of the host to suggest to guests who
grow disorderly and smash the dishes and break the furniture in the
spare bedrooms that the week-end party is over and if they will excuse
him he'll close up the house and get back to business.
It is possible that the discovery that our front door swings out as
well as in will have a salutary effect upon some of those who remain.
Some of those able to flourish naturalization papers may also be whole
somely influenced. Moreover, the spasms of the ejected, who violently
oppose return to better lands, are agreeable to our national conceit. The
deported work more than eight hours abusing America, but acts speak
louder than words, and by their acts they show what they really think.
New York Tribune.
The Lowell Centenary
The 22nd of this month will be noted by most Americans as Wash
ington's birthday, and celebrated as such. Not every one knows that
one of America's best loved poets, James Russell Lowell, also was born
on February 22nd, and that this year marks the hundredth anniversary of
his birth.
In honor of this occasion the American Academy of Arts and Science
has arranged an Anglo-American c elebration to be held in New York city.
It is felt that this is an especially happy time for the ceremony. Many
Englishmen of letters are coming to pay their tribute along with Amer
ican play wrights and authors, to the great man who for five years of his -life,
as ambassador to England, did much to strengthen the bond of good
will between the United States and the mother country.
In speaking of the friendship of the two countries, William Sloane.
chancellor of the academy, says: "In a large measure the efficiency of
our co-ordination has been due to tho common speech." Our nation has
had no finer representative of that common ppeech in its purest and
mutt beautiful form than Lowell. But for all his gifted speech he lacked
nothing of forceful Amerkaniriin and practical citizenship.
It is fitting that this centennial of his birth fchould be observed not
only witli pride by liis countrymen, but as an occasion for cementing
more c Ios.ely thy good tec litis bttw ten the other great Eiieiibh-hpcakiug
nation and our own. Tucson Star.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Feb. 19. This was a day
of wrangling and contention in the
cower liouse of the legislature, the
criminal syndicalism bill, the miners'
hospital measure, the proposal to re
organize the University of Arizona
board of regents, the hazardous occu
pations legislation and eletion bills, all
providing material for argument.
Galbraith's bill to class as a felony
criminal syndicalism, including sabot
age and intimidation as means to ob
tain reforms, perhaps raised the great
est storm. This provides a maximum
fine of 15.000 or a maximum prison
term of ten years, or both, as punish
ments. The measure originally car
ried an emergency clause, but a pre
liminary vote yesterday showed only
20 in favor of the bill and its author i
today had the eruersrencv feature
stricken out, which did away with the fatal to the legislation which proposes
tt'y review Lease! Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19. The
annual appropriation bill carrying
$11,199,000 for sea coast defense
of the United States and its insu
lar possessions was passed to
night by the house without a rec
ord vote and sent to the senate.
The bill carries $4,641,692 for
coast defenses in the United
States; $400,000 for proving
grounds; $1,633,750 for coast de
fenses in the insular possessions,
and $4.523.S49 for Panama canal
forti'.ications. The original esti
mates, submitted before hostilities
ended, totaled $5S9.0S5,699, but
later were reduced by the war
department to $56,491,262. Furth
er reductions were made by the
committee especially in the estl
niations relating to field artillery
and field artillery ammunition.
Changes in Dairy Laws
Among New Legislation
Brought Forward-
necessity of obtaining 24 votes to to "take the University of Arizona out ' ergencies.
pass it. In this shape the measure i of politics" by reorganizing- the board
passed the house by 21 to 11.
Francis Leads Attack
Francis led the attack in a lenthv
l'y Keview -asM Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 19 Fifteen
new bills were introduced in the sen
ate and house today, five in the house,
and double that number in the senate.
The toul number of bills introduced
ia the hpu.e so far this session is 142.
while hi. the senate there are 12S.
Legislation which was forecast last
week by Dairy Commissioner Barr
made its appearance today in a bill
fathered by Lillywhite. The bill ap
pears to embody all the changes in the
existing law which Barr said were be
ing sought by the dairyineu, creamer
ies and ice cream makers and to
which he objected. The dairy com
missioner asseits that the enacting :
into law of the dairy and crvaxnery
suggestions would take out of his
hands the promulgating of any orders
to insure safety in handling milk pro- j
ducts and create au inelastic law j
which might fail to meet certaiu em-i
; The rfjrjJW Arm- Shoe - mae from
top-grade materials by top-notch work
men under expert supervision.
AU the more reason why you shou! J
insist on the Buckhecht Army Shoe
and accept no other.
Worn by thousands of men in all
walks of life
. Office Men
Attorney
PhyiicUna
Hiker
F rmerm
OrcharduU
Motormen
- i .
Hunter.
i t t i- i v
; -ook ioc the name Euckhecht
sramped on the sole of every Slice.
If not obtainahl from "m
cnu ii-uitt anu your ruer
BUCKINGHAM A
Manufacturer San Francisco
m
Mi $7.00 to $8.00
Sealey introduced a measure to ere-i
of resents. Under this bill there j ate the offices of state fire marshal ,
would be nine on the board, including ; a::d deputy nsarsiiat. the former ap-'
tie governor, the other eixht being I pointed by the governor with the con-1
speech, in which he went to the fed- j named by him. their terms to expire j sent of the senate ou a $2000 salary j
eral statutes for authorities and con- in rotation. The emergency clause in 'and the Litter to receive a salary of!
eluded by charging that the clauses ! tbe measure called for an "aye" vote i $2000
24. and it received oniy 21. with 17 1 Waters seks in his new bhl to bet-r
I against. Little saved it temporarily
said D giving notice oi a motion to recon-
of the bill constituted a direct blow at j f
unionism.
"This means revolution."
Francis, to which Howard reDiied: sider.
"If the gentleman has information! Howard Airs Grievance
along that line, it would be ia order j The measure which would bar non
that he enlighten the house." ! English speaking persons and others
Vyne also made a determined stand not in possession of all their faculties all such documents.
against the bilL He believed that it from hazardous occupations, including- Road Bill Introduced
h In hppTl riniu-n in rsw, faith Kit ,A:mimn? wrnt tVimtiol, itj t t . .-.-I i
w-. - - - . . f. v 1UJIII, UUl C I -. v .aivu..u VO V4(U IVQUlUf
Classed it as that sort cf legislation with a heavy majority in its favor.
wnica was very likely to be miscon-j A feature of the vote vhieh caused between Williams in Coconino county
siruea. particularly . in tne circles or ccnsmeraoie comment was the atti-ina ciarKaale in lavarai county. i
labor, and for that reason he said hejfnde of Mrs. McKay, who ballottedj Among the measures brought down!
would oppose it. J against the bill. This mea&ure raised j in the senate was one by Young, in-
Hospital Bill Defeated ia storm yesterday when rr. Lacy de-j troduced by request, to submit a con-;
Waters' miners' hospital proposal : clarej it wouul throw thousands of stitutional amendment to the people j
went down to defeat indefinitely, but old residents cut of employment and a ' as follows: S
not till a dozen representatives had ! similar argument was advocated todav
ter inform the public on proposed con
stitutional amendments and initiated
and referred measures by causing the
secretary of state to publish weekly ;
during a period starting 55 dava be
fore a general election the texts r.f,
:f rcoaa em introduced
: i Stark brought in a bill to provide j
J for the survey and building of a road j
: between Williams in Coconino countr !
taken a hand in a heated debate,
which rose principally over the con
tention whether or not it was com
pulsory to give three days' notice of
but without resulting in stopping the
bill.
House bill 25, providing for prelimi
nary examinations in courts of record
a move to reconsider. Several times j where the prosecution is based on in
the members of the house were called i formation, today went to the governor
to order by Speaker Peterson, who . for his signature.
finally brought the argument on pro-1 :
cedure to a close by allowing a motion I. O. R. M.
to reconsider the measure. This was All Red Men are requested to -at-lost,
though it gained a majority of 'tend at Wigwam Thursday, Febroarv
the representatives present, 16 to 13, 20, at 7:30 p. m. Business of import
eighteen being necessary to carry.- j ance. Social and smoker after.
The majority clause rjoved almost ' 2-20 TOM HASTIE, Sachem.
. ".No member of the legislature dur-
ing the term for which he shall nave I
been elected shall be appointed or
elected to any civil office of profit
under this state which shall have been j
created during said term." ;
An appropriation of J 45.000 to com- i
plete the third story of the women's j
dormitory at the University of Arizona
is sought by an emergency bill intro
duced by the senate appropriation
committee.
Provision for. fire companies in un
incorporated towns is mad -3 in a bill
introduced by Hushes.
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
! For Your Breakfast
JONES DAIRY FAR!
BUCKWHEAT CAKES
AND
LITTLE PIG SAUSAGES
ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHE1RE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16103
IT
J.
HSS2t35Cs
EAGLE THEATR
COMING
THOS. H. INCE'S, BIG SPECIAL ATTRACTION.
m
5E);
BEESESaS ft .
COMING
"T E
PATROL
A THRILLING DRAMA OF SAN FRANCISCO'S FAMOUS CHINATOWN A
PLAY CRAMMED WITH ACTION
DONT MISS IT
u.w-ajjj
TODAY
Continuous, 4:00 to 11:00 p. m.
TODAY
mm A ) " HAT KU
H HmM -U. W &. Jk -k. JJr U. -LL-Li. JL-3 JL 11. XL J L LI HI B
Vaudeville a
nd.
P
11
icteres
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE .
Mm
Save lOc of your earnings. This amount
you'll never miss.
Suppose your salary is $ 1 5 per week. Surely
3'ou can save 10r' of it or $1.50. This would
make $78 per j'ear. We add-4Vr interest.
Bank with us.
PR
BATTER
EST-O-LITE
Y SERVE
WOLFORD'S DOGS
A DOGGONE NOVELTY ACT
CHRISTIE LEONARD
THE SOUTHERN SONGBIRD
STATION
NAT AND FLO ALBERT
SINGING, TALKING AND NOVELTY ACT
WARE AND MARMAN
THOSE PERSONALITY GIRLS
HELEN GIBSON
In the Smashing Western Drama, "THE DEAD SHOT"
JACK MULHALL and JUANTTA HANSEN
In the 12lh Episode of "THE BRASS BULLET" :
Charlie Chaplin and Mabel Normand
In "HIS DARE-DEVIL QUEEN"
Admission: Lower Floor, 33c; Balcony, 25c; This includes the War Tax.
1
1
We are new to Bisbee. yes, but we are NOT strangers to Southern
Arizona. Not to the Battery Business.
WE ARE FULLY PREPARED to repair or recharge any make of
battery and we have a battery for your use while yours is being re
paired. A WORD ABOUT SERVICE
AS FOR SERVICE We want to say just one thing. We buitt a
successful business, selling, repairing and recharging batteries in a
limited territory. We had to get repeat orc-srs ytar after year from
car owners. That means we had to gie satisfactory service.
PREST O-LITE BATTERIES '
The oldest service to Automobile owners in America. Anyone can sy
"the best." It means nothing unless you Know who says it. In this
case it is the oldest service to Automobile owners in America.
We have had our fingers on the pulse of Presto-O-Llte performance
for a long time.
WE KNOW what Prest-O-Lite owners tiiink of their batteries, and
that is why we consider ourselves tremendously fortunate to have
secured the Bisbee-Warrcn district as distributors for this splendid
line.
McCOY and KINMORE
OFFICIAL PREST-O-LITE SERVICE STATION
Johnson Addition 1182 G Ave. Douglas
Drive around tVery two weeks and let us give your battery the
,-o'ice over." No chagc tor inspection or ai.'H;r3 dt&lilled water.
I
) i
---4ri.L'.UUV.n!- A-7ag-y FIVE
J
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1919.
4
1
DAILY REVIEW WAN! ADS
Advertisements under this heac- at the rate of 1 cent per word, each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The- Review office not later than 7 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boys to learn
routes. Good money. Review.
paper
2-19tf
Positions Wanted
WANTED EiDerieneed ' law steno-
srranher flpRirrs nosition. Box 200 !
2-21
WANTED Position by competent i
woman, housekeeper or general I
housework. Box 2511. 3-21 !
For Sale
roadster, or trade
Cash difference
"
FOR SALE Ford
for touring car.
Phone 101.
FCU S VLE Three room unfurnished
:..a3-. 55 Laundry hilL 2-22 ;
YOU SALE Relinquishment of 160
acres in the Salt river valley. This
is all level land, fine for fruit and
cotton. See me if you want a bar
gain. YV. A. Wadsworth. Tombstone ;
canyon, back of Anderson store,
No. 33. 2-20
FOR SALE Soda fountain, used one
season. Apply Warren Drug com
pany, tf
FOR SALE Sixteen room rooming
house. Hogan & Seed. 2-22
FOR SALE Fcur room house, com
pletely furnished, one block from
Warren Junction car stop, end of
Ruppe street, right hand corner.
FOR SALE Two one-ton Studebaker
trucks in good condition. Inquire at
J. B. Angius. Phone 29.
tfOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
atreet, cne on Chicago avenue, Lo
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
and, Calif, General delivery. S75
SQR SALE Uncalled for suits. M.
Levin. Lowell. Ariz. 597
THE BEST BARGAIN WE OFFER
TODAY Four room house, pantry,
closets, bath, screen porch, garage,
four lots cultivated, fruit and shade
trees. Cash or payments. Warren.
L W. Wallace. ' 2-9tf
i
FOR SALE White and Brown Leg
horn chicks, $15 per 100. From bred
to lay stock. My terms are $2 per ,
10'J with order, balance one .week
before they are ready. R. F. D.
No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz. Forester's :
Hatchery. . 3-13 !
FOR SALE Four rooms and bath, in i
Warren. Large lot. Might consider j
selling part of furniture with house. ;
$1750, part cash, balance less than .
$15 per month. Will accept Liberty i
bonds at face value. ill pay over
20 per cent on investment. See Gus
Haigler. 2-13-tf
FOR SALE Pump and tank. Mrs.
Lewis, around Castle Rock. 2-20
FOR SALE Two milk cows, one Jer
sey, one Durham. Apply 22S Cochise
Row. 2-23
FOR SALE
Edison machine with rec-1
ords; also attachment to play Victor j
records. Worth $400, sell for $200. 1
Henry Rowe, 52 Laundry hill. 2-21
j . 1
FOR SALE OR TRADE In Good con-1
dition, Maxwell roadster for Ford
truck. 35 Jiggerville.
2-2S
Miscellaneous
GENERAL . AUCTIONEER - Bisbee. FOR REXTThree room house fur.
arren district and Cochise county.. nished 176 N road Holbrook
Can sell your furniture in your j top ,9
house' or your merchandise in your j .
place of business to your advantage. iFQR rexT Six rooms and bath
-0 years experience. Reference. r QrtW fmi , .v c"
Bank of Bisbee. Phone 257. P. O:
Box 1737. Office and residence over
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. J. A. i
Finney, sr.. Auctioneer. 193 i
BARGAIN One
$5o phonograph f $35,
slue free; also oie;F0R RENT Room in private family.
records va
portable; also $40 tailored suit $23
Phone 227. Forum restaurant, Lo
well. Ask for Frenchy. 2-20
THE STANDARD LAUNDRY Under
new management. Your clothes
washed white, not- white washed.
W. A. Wade, proprietor. Phone 5ft
PRESSURE COOKERS Awnings
made to order, all kinds of second
hand goods bought and sold. Bisbee
Mattress Works. Phone 734. 3-4
i .
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought j
Phone 739. City Dye Work3. G04 '
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona grocery store, upper Main. 3-7
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about Autc. Padic. Com-'
mercial and Engineering courses. '
Train for service. 2CSl
m-vmr n n . m-o., ..."71
Review office.
23c
Large bundles, price
For Rent
FOR RENT Good
also houscke'rpin;
hot'-l.
fumibhid
rooms at
room,
2-20
FOR RENT Twr furnished rooms,
and bath, cement
son addition.
hou.se. 41
John-2-12
tf
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Broad
way rooming house. 3-11
FOR RENT 8"00 square fet flooi
space. Suitable for warehouse, cen- j
trally located in bu.-int district !
Address W. H.. Review. 2-dh I
FOR KENT Four room houso f ur-1
ni:-heI, two-rooiit -'apartnwnt fur-;
nished. close in. 1 SI Ten: by avenue. '
out block fourth ot high school ?
2-15 tf
For Rent
FOR REXT Three nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping. 89
Upper Lowell. See Mrs. Nora Cun
ningham, Hlliman cigar stand, Brew
ery avenue, 11 to 4. 2-21
FOR RENT Desirable
clean three
room furnished apartment- Brown
bungalow, below block house op
posite large water tank. No - chil
dren. Tombstone canyon, Star ave- j
nue. Mrs. EeU. 2-20 ;
i FOR RENT Three room apartment, j
I and one two-room apartment. 22 i
; Hays house, Tombstone canyon. 2-23 j
!FOR pENTRoomg HQtel !
! Main street. Phone 559. Centrally
located. Clean newly renovated j
rooms. Reasonable rates to perma
nent guests. ' 2-25
FOR RENT-i-FurniBhed house. 99 O.
K. street. Inquire Geo. Marshall, 11
Laundry hilL 2-21
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
221 Brophy avenue. 2-26
FDR RF.XT Throe room hnn3 fur- i
nished. 176 Naco road, Holbrook
stop.
2-23
FOR RENT Five room furnished
house, modern. 69 Mason hill or
phone. Green 402. 2-24
FOR RENT Pleasant front room for
one or two gentlemen, with private
family. Opposite Castle Rock. Rea-'
eonable. 46 Quality hill. 2-21
FOR RENT Two or three housekeep-'
ing rooms,
Drive.
close in. 114
Opera
2-21
FOR RENT New three room house
furnished. Mrs. Win wood, Win wood
addition. 2-21
FOR. RENT Furnished room with pri
vate family. Very close in. Neue
Brown apartments. 4aro & Co- 20
Brewery Gulch. tf-2-19 I
FOR RENT Four room unfurnished
house with sleeping porch and one
two room furnished house. J. H.
Warne, Cochise. Phone Red 562
FOR RENT Two
rooms, no hills. No.
Phone Black 723.
housekeeping
1 Higgins hill.
2-21
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. John Ceron, War
ren. 2-23
FOR RENT Three room furnished!
house. 207 High road. 2-20
FOR RENT Two room house, close
in, $16. Lights and water paid. 3t-C
O. K. street. Call Black 571. 2-20
FOR RENT Two large
rooms, housekeeping or
furnished
batching.
Custom House. Phone Red 771. 2-19
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment. No. S Johnson avenue.
Johnson addition. 2-20
FOR RENT Furnished room with
bath. Apply P. W. Dixon, near
Greenway school. Warren. 2-21
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping. No children. 2S
Montana street, Johnson addition.
2-23
T"r . , :
!FOR RENT Furnished rooms, reas-
onable, close in. Oregon rooms, 19
i O. K. street. - - 2-23
I FOR RENT Three or seven room fur
I nished house, close in. Phone Blue
' 5SS. 2-20
Jiggerviile. For further information
apply at 16 Tank hill. Also two nice
rooms for light housekeeping, $1S
a month. - 2-22
private entrance.
69 Roberts
ave-
nue.
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms, no children. Next to Gib-
sou I lines lumber yard. 2-22
FOR KENT Well furnished batching
room, gas and electric lights. 49
O. K. street.- 2-13-tf
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Co- Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. ' 166
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
06018
Department of the Interior
S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
February 8. 1919.
jt
Notice is hereby given that John
Coming, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
November 7. 1914. made Homestead
i Entry. No. 02f,018. for NW U. Sec. 25,
!-" E Sec. 26. Township 23-S. Range
21 E. G. & S. R. B. Meridian, has
fi'.ed notice of intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
lard above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bibee.
i Arizona, otr the 18th day of March.
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses
Pearn F. Prather, of Bisbee. Ari
zona.
Milton -Clsrl:,
Joseph Hammer, both of Garces. h
Arizona.
f -J .. . I ir:i ... . -
wmaiu mux. oi warren. .Arizona
JOHN L. IRYIN. Registrar.
REVIEW WANT ADS
SRING RESULT3
Wanted
WANTED To trade one electric iron
for carpet sweepj. Box 2140. 2-21
WANTED Two or four furnished
light housekeeping rooms in Bisbee.
Address, Jones, Y. M. C. A. 2-23
i
WANTED furnished, four rooms
and bath. Warren; also two rooms
with private or use of bath and
meals in refined private family by
manager mine in Mexico who de
sires pleasant environments for wife
while away at mine. Address, J. H.,
care Review. 2-20
WANTED Three or four room fur,
nished apartment or house near con
vent preferred. See H. W. Fleming,
Johnson hotel, or phone 2S6. 2-20
WANTED Plain sewing and will go
out sewing by the day. Mrs. Eliz
. abeih Hogan, 115 Quarry canyon.
2-21
WANTED Plain sewing. Mrs. Martha
Hardin, 10 Quality hilL 2-23
Lest
1 LOST Small gold wrist watch at the
Horace Mann high school. Reward
if returned to Bisbee Review. 2-26
Business Locals
NOTICE
To the public and to whom it mav
concern, that W. K. Caley is no longer
connected with the Bisbee Transfer,
btorage & Coal company and they do
not hold themselves responsible for
deDts incurred by him. Signed this
25th day of January, 1919.
BISBEE TRANSFER, STORAGE &
COAL CO. 2-9
AUCTION
Best way to sell your furniture or
merchandise is by auction sale. J. A.
'Finney, sr., auctioneer. Phone 257.
Box 1737 2-43-4
Private dancing fessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales'
Academy, O. K. street.
Phone 1S2.
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 4S9,
Bisbee.
NOTICE TO PUBLIC
The
undersigned has bought
the
Jruy and transfer business of George
Eiting and will conduct a dray End
transfer business on his own account,
having severed his connection with
the Bisbee Transfer, Storage & Coal
company.
Dated at Bisbee,. Ariz., January 27,
1919.
Adv. " " WXT. KrCALEY. '
. ELKS' DANCE
The entertainment committee
of
! Bisbee lodge 671. B. P. O". E.. announce
a dance at the club rooms Saturday
evening, February 22. Elks wishing
to Invite . a friend are requested to
leave their name and address with the
secretary. 2-21
GIVING BONUS STOCK
The Warren Sulphur & Oil- company
are giving two shares bonus with each
share purchased at 20 cents. We have
$10,000 invested in land and machin
ery, recent prospecting developed oil
and sulphur on the property. See F.
Bnggs & Co., Lowell. Phone 701. 2-21
COCHISE MOTOR CO.
Charges for tepair work reduced to
$1 and $1.25 per hour. Five mechanics
at your service. 2-23
STOCKHOLDERS MEET
Stockholders of the Santa Barbara
Mining & Milling company are re
quested to meet at city hall Friday,
February 21, at 7:30 p. m. All stock
holders come or send replv.
2-21 L. T. FRAZIER, Sec'y.
IMPR. ORDER OF RED MEN
Twenty-first anniversary grand ball
wiM be given, on Friday, February 21.
at Eagle hall. Admission $1. 2-21
DANCE AT SAN RAFAEL
School house, San Rafael Valley,
Ariz., (between Camille and Pata
gonia) Saturday night, February 22,
1S19. Bisbeeites cordially invited.
2-20
ROCK HILL'S STAGE
IMsbee-Tombstone. Leave Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. fn. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging. Signs.
C J BRANDT
Bo:c 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 456.
I- L. Gilman sells the New Edison.
"The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
Br. Playfair, Osteopath. 9S Mason
hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv.
DANGER SIGNALS
OF BAD BLOOD
i
Pimples on the face, bunches in trie
ro'k. sallow and swarthv complexion J
scrjs, ulcers, mucous patches, copper
colored spots, scaly skin affections,
constipation, inactive liver, dyspepsia
and ' stomach troubles arc common
sy.:iptoms cf poisoned blood. Tnere
10 remedv offered today to the pub-
;
I I1
that has so successfully cured
tl?:se diseaE'js as 'Number i) ForjCuiii.Js .
T'r3 Blood." An irt (lector s prescrip-! Wriuir :
fton containing the most reliable alter- i Midvc-:
atives known to medical science. )
'.'lit up by J. V. MendcnhiiH, Evans-1 (Cy
vi'.le
lnd.,
4) years a dniucist.
0Dtral Fiiai uiac .
ScM
Ariz.
hv
jj Mining and Financial News
jj BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NV. YORK, Feb. 19 Pools, syndi
cate.? :iiid nrotessional operators as a
! whole controlled the broader and more
active trading on the stock exchange
tcday.
There were several noteworthy ex
ceptions to the general advance, how
ever, rails and shipping making indif
ferent response, while United States
Steel was irregular until the close,
when heavy accumulations caused a
one point" gain. -
Much bullish enthusiasm was attrib
uted to the reported attitude of con
gress toward the terms of the "Vic
tory" loan.
Outstanding features included mo
tors and their subsidiaries, tobaccos.
oils, equipments and utilities, notably
local tractions.
Texas company and Mexican Petrol
eum rose 2 to 3 points and Industrial
Alcohol four points. Sales amounted
to 5S5.000 shares.
Bonds were steady, all Liberty is
sues excepting 3's gaining from
to V per cent and Paris 6's rising H
per cent to 1004. a high record. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $14,250,
000.. Old United States bonds were
unchanged on call.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Feb. 19. Cotton clos
ed firm at a net loss of 10 to 2S points.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. Feb. 19. Lead, un
changed; spot unchanged; Spelter un
changed; spot East St- Louis delivery,
unchanged.
The copper market closed nominally
1C to 17c. It was reported one of the
largest producers was offering under
17c.
NEW YORK
(L. J. Overlook, Broker.)
CIcsing Quotations February 19,
American Cau
American Car
American Locomotive
1919.
454
S9S
634
American Smelters 654
Baldwin 76
Beth Ii. 61
C. & 0 534
Canadian Pacific 1604
Central Leather 61
Crucible ' 57 -ss..
Distillers 55H
Erie 16 H
Goodrich 61 i
General Motors 13SVi
Marine pfd 101
Midvale 42
Mexican Petroleum 177s4
New Yofk Central 73U
Reading S0
Rubber 7s
Republic Steel 74 H
Studebaker 55
Steel 92s
St. Paul 36 U
Southern Tacific 102U
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Facific
U. S. M
Un. Motors .' T. . . !
192
1293
45
41
59 M
04
17 U
33H
17S
42
44i
29 4
22l
16
34
20Vi
lOVfe
6S4
1.00
42
11 i
60
4.30
41i
09
6S
23
05U
75
95
')!
03
S1U
10
0Ssi
50
13
59
02Vi
16
045;
V
14
M
15U
01U
05
05
16'i
NEW YORK MINING
' Anaconda
Alaska i
Butte
Chino
Chile .
Green Can
Inspiration -
Kennecctt
Miami
Nevada .'
Old Dominion
Ray Con
Shattuck
Utah Copper
BOSTON COPPERS
Adventure
Alloue
Az Commercial ,
C. & A '....I
G. & H
iC. Range
E. Butte
Granby
Goldfield
Hancock ..'.j
Indiana '.
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Mohawk
N. Butte
Nip
Osceola
Pond Creek ,
Quincy
Shannon
Sup Boston
Utah Con
CURBS.
A. &. A.
Ariz !Bing
Arizona Silver King .
Big Ledge
Butte and London
California and Jerome
Cornelia
Con Arizona
Con Copper
Cresscn
Der.n
Dundee
Emma
Grand Island
Green Monster
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde
Magma Copper .
Magma Caief
Miami Con
Porphyry
Ran Hcr-
l.vO
05
"8
40
04
044
7-16
2S
Vt
10
S"
1.75
!0
31'
t'2 V
04
07-"vs
12
03r-s
1.61
Tom Recti
"Tvit.-lc-niiio
U- l-."astrrn
Yer.'.e
K.
Yrr;!e Combn
Wrl Arizona
Cosd-.i
Federal Oil . .
Glenn Rock . .
' L-Li nl
Oil ...
,lar!i
OATMAN.
siiins & Bretherton..
I'.id"
ft T
:n
Ask
' Ad a nit-
Arizona Rex
.15
.06, .12 1
.12 .14i
.03 .04
.03 .05
.15
-OS .10
.06 .07
.13 .15
1.72 1.73
4.40 4.42
.03 .04
.20
3.75 4.12
.37 .44
.12 .14 i
.S7 1.12
.06 .07
.40 .50
.14 .16
.06 .12
.33 .40
.18 -2
1.87 2.00
.75 .87
.02 .10
... 1.50
.IS .22
1.00
... .OO
4.87 5.00
.70 .S2
.50
.11 .14
Ariz-Tom R.
Big Jim Con
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride "
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Western
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee . .,
Venture Hill
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona ;
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizcna 1.87
Verda Combination
Miami Consolidated . .
Night Hawk
Grand Island
Kay Cop
Nacozari Consolidated
Con Cop Mines
Porphyry
Calif ornio and Jerome.
Feather River
MACHINISTS WARNED
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Calif., Feb
19.
Notices were posted in the shipyards
and contract shops in the San Fran
cisco bay region today warning ma
chinists to cease taking the Saturday
half holiday they have declared, or
face dismissal. "Approximately 2000
machinists are now on strike owing to
differences over the Saturday half i
holiday. I
STATE ANTHEM BILL PASSED
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 19. The
state anthem bill, which originated
in the senate, passed the lower house
on its third reading today. All it needs
now to make it law is the signature
of the governor.
TODAY ONLY
EAGLE
PATHE PRESENTS
GLADYS HULETTE
IN A NOTABLE CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS, LAUGHABLE AND STRONGLY
DRAMATIC BY TURNS
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 10c ADULTS, 15c;
i .
ffl! j lilllll! ifM If Dj rij
'ill; li j. fS;;,,!!
& ;;v;!i ii i! !-5.
x -mimMimcmmmx w?'-' iay y
U... . .1.. - .... . I ' ' ' t, ' i :u
TH!!! mma mm
l lii ninmi, !!!!: i ili! ;l I :
li 11- I. i i : l l . ' 1 ' ( . I I I i i i i j
R. J. nvvroirt ' ; Ml! ,1 I i 1
&t9? ii imm ' which is
If h 5tf '
BANQUET COMMITTEE
WILL MEET TODAY
The committee which has charge of
the program and reception tor the ban
quet to be gien in houor of Lt. Col.
John C. Greenway and Maj. Wm. 11.
Brophy. next Monday night at the
Warren County club, will hold a com
mittee meeting this afternoon for the
purpose of perfecting the final ar
rangements. Tickets for the banquet can be ob
tained from C. W. Ruth, secretary of
the Business Men's association. Tick
ets will be $2.50 each and the num
ber of guests will be limited to 200
CANDIDATES TO OCCUPY PULPIT
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Texas. Feb. 19. For the
first time in the history of El Paso,
three rival candidates for the nomina
tion for mayor will speak from the
pulpit of a local church. Rev. Percy
Knickerbocker, pastor of the Trinity
THE MOST DANGEROUS
OF ALL DISEASES
No rpans of tfca hninsn bry r.re so
Important to health nu Ion? life tLe
kidneys. When they siow up juy eora
" mscce to l&s in their duties, leak octt
Danger, i in sighL
Find out what the trouble is wita
but delay. Whenever you feel nervous,
'weak, dizzy, ruer from sleeplessness.
r have pains ia the buck, vc.te r.p
once. Your LiJccys need hdrv. Ttrse ere
6igns to.'wara you thst your kilnrya
ere not pcrforrciis: teir fvtnrt'c-r.s
properly. Thfy are osly Ialf "o;r.g
their work End aw Allowing itnpnrities
to accumulate cod bo converted into
uric acid Sid ctLer poisons, vhich
are causing yoa tlistrcs ar.d will de
troy yoa nic
your ystcn.
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-ciass Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
THEATR
Continuous, 1 to 11 p. m.
IN SIX ACTS ALSO
FOX COMEDY, TWO PARTS "SOCIAL PIRATES'
J! i. ; i il!!!!ii,u.i t
it;
puff you 11 wish you had been born
twins"! For, Prince Albert puts over a turn
new to every man
made cigarette. It
tely. That's
ht behind this quality flavor and quality fra
Prince Albert's freedom from bite and parch
cut out by our exclusive patented process.
We tell you to smoke
pipe or makin s cigarette without a comeback I
Toppy red bags, tidy rrd (ins, handton pound and
half pound tin humidor and that cltver, practical
pound crystal glass humidor with aponga moisttntr
top that keeps the tobacco in such perfect condition.
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., WintonSalenit N. C
Methodist church, has invited Burt
Orndorff, Mayor Charles Davis and
John Harper to appear and state to
his congrefeation Sunday evening what
they will do to make El Paso cleau if
nominated and elected.
QUAKE ROCKS CALEXICO
Uy Review Lesed Wire)
CALEXICO. Cal., Feb. 19. Slight
earthquake shocks commenced here
last night at S o'clock and continued
at intervals until S o'clock this morn
ing. Eight distinct shocks were felt,
but noue of them caused any damage,
so far as has been reported. There
have been numerous 6light shocks at
intervals since last Friday.
JENNINGS CONDOLED
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 19. The
house passed today a resolution ex
pressing its sympathy with Represen
tative Jennings of Cochise, who had
received word ot the death of his 6on
at Ocean Park. Calif.
Get some GOLD MITDAT naarlera
Od Capsules at once. They are an old,
tried preparation used all over tie
world for centuries. They contain only
old-fasLioned, soothing oiU combined
with strength-smas pr.d systeai-ckvins-x.
herbs, well kcrwa r.al used by pby
sidars in tfreir cailr nrtxtiee. GOLD
MT.DAL Hr-nrlo.-a Oil Capsules are im
ported !:roct fron the lr.loratcries ia
IIoKand. They are ecareruont to take,
p.r.d will either cif ri-o.-rt relief or
your iccy will co rciundeJ. Ask for
them tX asy drug store, tut bo pur
to jrrt the criminal ircpcrteJ GOLD
JfEDAL brand. Accept no Bubatitutts,
Is 6eaieJ packages. Tkre sbes.
TODAY ONLY
ILL"
RESERVED SEATS, 25c
our smoketaste
I flush up aeainst a
listening post and youll
get the Prince Albert call, all right!
You'll hunt a jimmy pipe so quick and
get so much tobacco joy out of every
fond of a pipe or a home
wins your glad hand com-
because it has the quality!
your fill at any clip jimmy
I SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 19J9.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one ri3ited yo? Or have
you entertained? It so, call The
Review Society Editor, Black CS1.
rested by the police yesterday on com
j plaint of Juan Ballestoras, another
j Mexican, who accuses Trejo of steal
ing his watch from his bedroom. Trejo
admitted taking the watch and later
pawning it. He will answer in court
this morning.
traces of the deserters have as yet
been picked up. j
IS RECOVERING
Lottie Mae Wack is slowly recover
ing from a severe illnes3.
RETURNS FROM EAST
Ben Franfcenberg of the Fair store
has returned from New York, where
he has been for some time on business.
RETURNS TO DOUGLAS
George Nolles of Douglas, traveling
auditor for the Phelps-Dodge corpora
tion, who has been in Bisbee for three
weeks, returned last night to his home.
VISITED MOUNTAINS
Mrs. Montgomery, Miss Mildred
Montgomery and Walter Dixon and
G. J. Ellis spent Teusday in the Hua
chuca mountains.
MEETING OF WOODMEN
The Woodmen Circle No. 32, will
hold a regular meeting Friday night
at 7:30 o'clock. Several new members
will be Initiated at this meeting, after
which a musical and dance will be
given. All Woodmen of the World
and their families are invited to be
present including their friends, as an
enjoyable evening is assured.
j SEEKS GAME WITH DOUGLAS
! The manager of the Bisbee T. M.
' C. A. basketball game is trying to ar
I range a game with, the Douglas Y. M.
I C. A. Arrangements are also being
made for the Bisbee team to meet
the officers team of the First Caval
ry, stationed at the Harry J. Jones
camp at Douglas. The local team will
make a trip to Tucson on February 22
to play the University of Arizona.
internal revenue bureau announced to
day in answer to inquiries. They
need not even count this income from
public souces in deciding 'whether to
make a return, although income from
any private source is taxable. This
exemption applies to governors, state
executive officers, legislators, judges
and local officials or employes, in
cluding policemen. It does not, how
ever, include officers or employes of
the federal government.
said. Byrd Lynn, a catcher, is the
first of the "deserters" to return his
signed contract.
I-
LOCAL OFFICIALS TO
PAY NO INCOME TAX
HERE FROM PHOENIX
E. A. Siervogel, surveyor for the
Arizona rating bureau, with head
quarters in Phoenix, arrived in Bisbee
yesterday on business.
RETURNS FROM COAST
Fred Sutter, Bisbee attorney, who
has f pent three weeks in Ios Angeles,
San Francisco and other California
points, has returned to his home in
this district.
ADAMS-EYMAN WEDDING
Mias Mary Adams and Frank Eyman
were married last night at the home
of the bride. Mr. Eyman is a member
of the 17th Cavalary, stationed at the
Douglas camp.
KNOWLEg-MACULLA WEDDING
Miss Ruby Knowles and William
Maculla were married Tuesday night
at the former's home on Warren Hill
3Ir. Maculla i3 a member of the 17th
Cavalr;! tationed at Douglas.
" U
TO SAN ANTONIO
Neal Johnson left for San Antonio
yesterday morning. He expects to
land a place on one of the Texas
league ball teams this coming season.
He formerly played ball for the Junc
tion Briggs team.
RECOVER CAR
Deputy Sheriffs Jack Ryan and R.
M. Gilman yesterday recovered the
automobile owned by "Red" Lambert
from whom it was stolen last Monday
by three army deserters. The car wa3
iuuou auanuoneu un iue Mexican Slue i
a few miles south of Naco. The ma-;
chine had been damaged to such an ;
extent that it is beyond repair. No '
KEEP. LOOKING Y0UNG
It's EasyIf You Know Dr. j
.Edwards' Olive Tablets
The secret of keeping young is to feel ;
young to do this you must watch your
liver and Dowel3 tneres no need of
Laving a sallow complexion dark rings
tinder your eyes pimples a bilious
look in your face 'dull eyes with no
sparkle. Your doctor will tell yoo ninety
per cent of all sickness comes from is
active bowels and liver.
Dr. Edwards, a well-known physician
in Ohio, perfected a vegetable com
pound mixed with olive oil to act on
the liver and bowels, which he gave to
his patients for years. i
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the subsfr '
tute for calomel, are gentle in their action
yet always effective. They bring about ;
that exuberance of spirit; that natural i
buoyancy which should be enjoyed by 1
everyone, by toning up the liver and clear-!
tag the system of imparities.
Yon will know Dr. Edwards' Olive Tab
lets by their olive color. 10c and 25c pet
box. All druggists.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASH1XGTOX, Feb. 19. Officials
and employes of a state, county, city
or other political sub-division will not
be required to pay Income tax on
their public compensation for 191S, the
LYNN RETURNS TO SOX
'By Review Leased Wlrel
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 Members of the
Chicago Americans who deserted the
club last season to engase in ship
building will be invited to return,
"Kid" Gieason, the successor of Clar
ence Rowland in the management of
the White Sox, announced on his ar
rival here tonight to assume active
management of the club. Joe Jackson
has been offered a contract. Glee son
K. offl C. Dance
The Knights of Columbus will give a dance at K. of C
Club House on
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1919,
EVERYBODY INVITED. LONG'S ORCHESTRA
VOSHELL ELIMINATED
(Bv Review Leased Wir
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 19 Howard !
H. Voshell, New York, national indoor '
singles champion, went down to defeat i
in a fourth round match of the men's !
singles of the fiddle States Indoor
Tennis tournament here today at the
hands of Wallace Johnson. Phiiadel-
puia, u o, w i o. juunson was I
the runner-up in the national outdoor TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
singles in 1910. . w-,w
1 iS i J
Si
1 1 THEATER ' 1
m ...
- THOMAS H. INCE Presents
E.. SMMONS, Prop.
Get Your Automobile word done by reliable men
ALL AUTOMOBILE WORK IS NOW
$1.00 and $1.25 an hour
Depending on the class of work
ALL WORK GUARANTEED
We carry a full line of automobile supplies
TnTTTTTT IT "FT
M U 11 f
1LJURJR
A M"
MIL
So
M
riiiii
They called him "SHARK" because he was bloodless and cold a human icicle; but he
wm melted under a woman's smile. Also,
ROSCOE "FATTY" ARBUCKLE in "CHEATING Some Fan
MAIN ST.
PHONE 444
Admission:
I
a " .
r- , q m
M. : I . .. . L - '- 'J"'"' ' "" . i.i...,j.u,.
wm -r.,rT-.-...... ... ,, ,..,. ....,, , .fc ....n,..,,,,,,,,.,.,..,,,.-.,,., ,
m . . . . . n
I Bonds and 't :?r .vte:&W9ftA. ' I I
Stamps . . " 1
cash MLrmWji
i . W&?0 ' f
A mm w r
i MiliLiLlLEiit 5 bisbee 1
MRT AND'' HAT SHOP ?
Wmm in in . n
mmmmw J ' uuuu lj lj
.-. j m mmt a . m mm rm. m -M a m
T. I 1 I I I 1 II f lllllf II I i ! i f 1 I I I ( 1 I 1
Vi III 1 I J I I It I 1 l( I I VV-J. I
5M II III f It J i II flll I I 1
: J n i ft u V X, a
I l II ilj 1 v lj 1 1 i I x s j n y u i
Lower floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c:
Includes the War TajtT.
Reserved 25c;
f
t
!
This I
GOES TO SAN ANTONIO
Jess Puryear, who wa3 industrial;
secretary for the Y. M. C. A left
here yesterday for San Antonio,;
unere ce expects to become connected
with a newspaper.
BACK FROM ARMY
Lieut. Frank Brophy returned yes
terday afternoon from ramn Toria
Wash., from where he received hist
nonoraDie ciscnarge from the army.
Lieutenant Brophy saw service in
France.
OUT OF HOSPITAL
J. C. Callahan of Phoenix, left the
Copper Queen hospital yesterday after
having undergone a successful opera
ion. He experts to remain in Bisbee
a few days and then return to his
home in Phoenix. He is stopping at
the Copper Qeen.
BURIAL TODAY
The funeral services of Clarence O.
Brown, who died February 17, will be
held today at 4 o'clock, from the Pal
ace Undertaking parlors. Bishop
Mannering of the R. C. of L. D. S.,
will officiate. The deceased wa3 24
years of age and was a son of Mrs.
A. J. Morgan of Brewery Gulch.
HELD AS THIEF
Manuel Trejo, a Mexican, was ar-
ATTENTION, ELKS
Regular meeting and initiation Fri
day evening, February 2L D. D. G. M.
J. C. Myers will be presenL Visiting
Elks cordially invited.
JAMES ALLISON,
2-21 Exalted Ruler.
THIH PEOPLE
SHOULD TAKE
PHOSPHATE
i .
Nothing Like Plain Bitro-Phosphate to
Put on Firm, Htalthy Flesh and
to Increase Strength, Vigor
and Nerve Force.
Judging from the countless prepara
tions and treatments which are contin
ually being advertised for the purpose
of making thin people fleshy, develop
ing arms, neck and bust, and replacing
ug!y hollows and angles by the soft
curved lines of health and beauty
there are evidently thousands of men
and women who keenly feel their ex
cessive thinness.
Thinness and weakness are usually
due to starved nerves. Our bodies
need more phosphate than is contain
ed in modern foods. Physicians claim
there is nothing that will supply this
deficiency so well as the organic phos
phate known among druggists as bitro
phosphate, which is inexpensive and
Is sold by J. M. Ball in Bisbee and!
most all druggists under a guarantee '
of satisfaction or money back. By
feeding the nerves directly and by sup- '
plying the body cells with the neces
sary phosphoric food elements, bitro-!
phosphate quickly produces a welcome 1
transformation in the appearance; the'
increase in weight frequently being!
astonishing. I
This increase in weight also carries I
with it a general improvement In the i
health. Nervousness, sleeplessness and
lack of energy, which nearly always ,
accompany excessive thinness, soon !
disappear, dull eyes become bright, ;
and pale checks glow with the bloom
of perfect health.
CAUTION: Although bitro-phos- i
phate is unsurpassed for relieving
nervousness, sleeplessness and gen
eral weakness, it should not, owing 1
to Its remarkable flesh-growing prop-1
erties, be used by anyone who does j
not desire to put on flesh. !
y -.35'---. -72
I I 1
r
4 V
SUITS
Unparalled Values at Below Cost Prices Quality Goods
MEAD, THIMZC ACT, SAVE $ $
COME EARLY, STOCK UP FOR FUTURE NEEDSTHE CHANCE OF THE YEAR
GOLD BOND GUARANTEED
$20.00 Value, Sale Price $13.95
$25.00 Value, Sale Price $19.45
$30.00 Value, Sale Price $22.45
$35.00 Value, Sale Price $24.95
$40.00 Blue Serge, Sale price $28.95
TROUSERS
$5.00 Value, Sale Price $3.95
$7.00 Value, Sale Price $4.95
$7.50 Value, Sale Price $5.45
$10.00 Value, Sale Price $7.45
OVERALLS
$2.25 Value. Sale Price $1.50
DRESS SHIRTS
MERIT AND EAGLE MAKES
$1.50 Value, Sale Price 95c
$2.00 Value, Sale Price $1.35
$3.00 Value, Sale Price $1.95
$5.00 Silk, Sale Price $3.45
$10.00 Silk. Sale Price .V..$7.45
25c Value, 3 for 50c
50c Value. 3 tor $1.00
$1.00 Silk, per pair 65c
HATS AND CAPS
$1.50 Value, Sale Price 95c
JUST WRIGHT
Famous Shoes for Men
$ 6.50 Value. Sale Price $4.75
$ 7.50 Value. Sale Price $5,95
$ 8.50 Value, Sale Price $6.95
$10.00 Value. Sale Price $7.45
$12.00 Value. Sale Price $9.95
$ 5.00 Work Shoes, Sale Price $3.45
UNDERWEAR .
$2.00 Heavy. Sale Price $1.30
THE ABOVE PRICES ARE GOOD FOR ALL THIS WEEK ONLY
$5.00 Hats, Sale Price $3.95. $2.50 Heavy, Sale Price S1.85
$3.50 Hats, Sale Price $1.75 $4.50 All Wool. Sale Price $2.95
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR MONEY REFUNDED