WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
I
I
1
Wednesday fa'r, rising tem
perature; Thursday partly
cloudy and warmer; prob
ably snow north portion.
Average price of copper for
week ending Dec. 3, Engl
neering and Mining Journal
quotation, 17.95.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 292
EIGHT PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1919
EIGHT PAGES
1
PRICE FIVE CENTS
WHEELS
IIS
BY
WITH
c
yjy
J VS&
1
t
.
A
M
J
4
.1
IB ON COfillTTEE CHOSEN
TQ PROVIDE AWUNITION FDR THE
REPUBLICAN OFFENSIVE IN 1 920
Chicago Gets Convention By Big Majority; Platform to Be
Given Careful Preparation; Favorite Sons and
Boom Promoters for Presidency are Shy of
Putting Their Entries Forward.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 10. The Re
publican national committee today se
lected Chicago and Tuesday, June 8,
as the place and time for the national
convention' at which the party's 1920
candidate for president will be nomi
nated. On the roll call Chicago mustered
-44 votes to 9 for St. Louis, whose
boosters had made a stubborn fight
for the honor. Asbury Park, N. J., and
Cheyenne, Wyo., made bid3 for the
convention, but withdrew them before
voting began.
The committee also authorized the
creation of two new departments of
party organization to deal respectively
with policies and general party wel
fare. The former, composed of se
lected members of the committe and
other men and women respresenting
labor, capital, the farmers and others,
will go to work at once sorting out
will go to work at one esorting out
subjects to be dealt with in the 1920
platform. The second committee com
prises an equal number of national
committeemen and outside party lead
er? and will function as an advisory
council in the conduct of the cam
paign. The plan of Will H. Hays, the na
tional chairman, for limitation of indi
vidual campaign contributions to
$1000 formally was approved and the
committee announced some changes
in the apportionment of delegates to
the national convention. These
changes were not of a sweeping na
ture however, and affected only seven
states. . "
After hearing a report, of .Chairman
Hays and adopting a resolution ap
proving his efforts for party organiza
tion and harmony the committee end
ed its session. .'. '
r Of the several 'hundred prominent
Republicans who attended the meet
Emma Goldman in
Fear of Death at
Hands of Russians
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. Deporta
tion of Emma Goldman and Alexan
der Berkman to "white guard" Rus
sia, would be equivalent to pronoun
cing death sentence upon them, Har
ry Weinberger, counsel for the two
radicals, asserted in a brief filed to
day with the supreme court in a final
effort to prevent their removal from
the United States.
The highest court was asked to re
ceive an apeal from the action of Fed
eral Judge Mayer in New York, whicn
dismissed an application for habeas
corpus writs. Counsel for both the
accused and the government were
permitted to submit briefs.
Weinberger in his brief admitted
that his clients were anarchists, but
contended there was insufficient ev
idence to warrant deportation and
charged that the secretary of labor
exceeded his jurisdiction and discre
tion in issuing deportation orders.
Constitutionality of the statutes un
der which it was issued also was at
tacked, and at this point counsel
said that deportation to the "white
guard" country would be equivalent
to a death sentence. f
In granting Weinberger permission
to seek an appeal for error. Judge
Mayer gave him until 4 p. m., tomor
row to perfect his writ and it was be
lieved the supreme court would take
notice of this in reaching a decis
ion. Find Skinner Slew
Wife and Himself
PHOENIX. Dec. 1C An inquest to
day over the bodies of Jacx Skinner
and his wife. Minnie Skinner, found
In their room in the southeastern part
of the city last night, resulted in a
verdict that Mrs. Skinner died at the
hands of her husband and that Skin
ner came to his death by gunshot
wounds by his own hand.
ing, however, a large number remain
ed for the session to be held tomor
row by the state chairmenL
Despite the committee meeting to
day the maneuvering of tne friends of
various candidates was conspicuously
in evidence, but the only result ap
pearing on the surface was a state
ment by Senator J. E. Watson of In
diana declaring he was not seeking the
nomination.
It was explained by party leaders
that the purpose of the special com
mittee on policies was to overturn the
usual -procedure of writing the party
platform in a few all night sessions of
the resolutions committee at the con
vention. Chairmen of the senate and
congressional ( campaign committees
will take part in the work of the poli
cies commitee, which will Include 12
members of the national committee
and probably a score or more of
others.
The same 12 committeemen will sit
also on the new council, together with
12 others, four of whom will be wo
men. The purpose of this body, It
was said, was to deliberate on matters
touching party welfare and to make
recommendations to the national com
mittee Itself.
'Two states will gain and five Btates
will lose in the re-apportionment of
state representation In the national
convention. The net result will be a
reduction of seven in the number of
delegates to vote in the 1920 conven
tion, the total being 984 In place of
991 in 1916. The changes are as fol
lows: New York gains one, making the
state's total in next year's convention
88 ; North Carolina gains one, making
22; Alabama loses two, .making 14;
Arkansas loses two, making 13; Mas
sachuetts loses one, making 35; Ten
nessee loses one, making 20, and
Texas loses three, faking 23.
Sues Gov. Campbell
for Money Alleged
Due From the State
' PHOENIX, Dec. 10. Having an
nounced himself In opposition to what
he termed "eleventh hour and fifty
ninth minute" contracts which he said
were let by the board of state Institu
tions In the preceding state adminis
tration, Got. ThomaB E. Campbell to
day accepted summons in a superior
court complaint made by Dalton Love
joy, who alleged that the governor or
state deprived him of a contract from
which he had yet to collect the sum
of $1250.
Lovejoy was awarded a contract on
December 16, 1918, approximately 20
days prior to the advent of Governor
Campbell's administration, for the
construction of a storage room at the
state hospital for the insane. He was
superintendent with salary fixed at
$250 a month. The outgoing board of
directors, the governor said, gave him
a contract to finish the work, and
thereby attempted to hava the work
finished tinder the responsibility of
the new administration by a man of
its own choosing.
The Incoming board of directors of
state Institutions, nullified the con
tract on January 27, last. Dalton al
leged that at the time when he was
relieved he had already collected $875
and that $1250 was due him.
Reoort Shows Gain
in State Resources
PHOENIX, Dec. 10. A compilation
of resources and other figures relat
ing to Arizona state and national
banks was announced tonight fty StAt
Auditor Jesse L. Boyee from bankers
showing the resources at the close of
business on November 17 last.
The figures for the flseal year show
increases of $19. 808,729.28 In reaourees
$19,187,448.09 In deposit) $8.744.8R9.
77 in loans and diseoonts. and $853.
123.48 in investments for the state and
national banks.
MEXICANS WOULD DRIVEMm OUTVOTE RADICALS AT
AMERICANS OUT;
PLANNING TO INVADE U. S.
Cabrera Declares Citizens of
States Must Be Expelled .
By Carranza
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10. Further
testimony taken by the Fall sub-con
mittee investigating Mexican affairs
made public today .pictures the Car
ranza government as regarding all di
plomatic protests of the American
government as perfunctory and ac
credits to officials of the Mexican
government a policy of driving Amer
icans out of th ecountry.
The committee today made public
in the testimony of W. F. Buckley, an
American lawyer, long resident in
Tampico and one of the well known
members of the American colony in
Mexico. '
"Luis Cabrera (Mexican minister of
finance) told me very frankly," testi
fied Buckley, "that the menace of the
American in Mexico must be removed
and that the only way to do this was
to drive' him out of the country and
take his property."
"He explained to me, 'the witness
continued, "that Mr. WUson was what
he was pleased to term 'an advanced
liberal, a great Democrat, whose con
corn was for the welfare of the people
of the world ad was not confined to
the narrow bounds of the United
States." He said, continued Buckley, i
I'Mr. -Wilaoa .Tvas ppposM. to capital
In Mexico and everywhere else, no
matter to whom the capital belonged
and that in expelling the American
from Mexico the constitutionalists
would receive the sympathy of the
American government"
The oil companies, he charged, had
pusued weak and vacillating policies,
"very similar to that of the American
government in handling the general
Mexican situation."
"The oil company, able to fight,"
Buckley said, "has not had tne cour
age to do so and has fallen on the
other alternative bribery. There is
not one of the foreign oil companies
doing business in Mexico which has
not from one to two hundred Carran
cistas on its payroll. In adopting this
contemptible policy, the companies
have not only added to their present
plight and they have done incalcula
ble harm to the American of. small
CJPT. DETZER
NEW YORK. Dec. 10. Testimony
that Capt. Karl W. Detzer hnd struck
military prisoners in France in the
face and ordered his sergeants to
"beat them up" In order to force
"confessions", was given today by
three witnesses when he was placed
on trial at Governor's Island. The
offences with which Captain Detzer
Is charged occurred while he was in
charere of "criminal Investieption" in
the Lemans area. The defendant was
in command of the 308th military
police company.
George E. Williams of Corning.
Iowa, a discharged private, asserted
that, after he had been s'anped bv
Detzer. the captain ordered Sergeant
U. S. Madden and Frank L. Ilovt. "to
take him out in the yard and make
him come clean."
Williams declared that while TTovt
held his hands behind his back Mad
den beat him until, feariner he was to
be "kiyed" he had simed a state
ment which he believed was to the
effect that he had stolen nronerty.
Private Thomas J. McAdams", now
attached to the Fifth fruard comnanv
at Governor's Island, testified that,
after having been "nicked un" on the
streets at a time when he was an at
tending patient at a base hospital, he
had been beaten bv Rerreant Hoyt.
Denies Brutality
Thomas Gossett of Galveston. Tex
as, once a guard of the office of Cap
(Contlnued on Page Six)
SOLD ERS SAY
HIT PRISONERS
Russian Bolsheviki Threaten
to Cross Arizona Border
in Large Body .
TUCSON, Dec. JO. Immigration of
ficials on the Arizona border have
been advised of the threatened in
vasion of the United States by 50
Russian Bolsheviki end 150 Mexican
I. W. W., it became known today, and
the lack of adequate means of pre
venting the invasion is .said to be
causing concern. Appropriations for
the maintenance of a border guard,
maintained during the war to appre
hend violators of passport regulations,
have been withdrawn since July 1, it
is said, and immigration service, de
partment of justice and army intel
ligence forces have been reduced.
The Russians are said to have ar
rived at Salina Cruz, Mexico, about
November 1 from Japan, where an
official vise on applications for entry
to the United States was refused
them. They subsequently sailed on a
Japanese steamer for Salina Cruz. The
Mexican agitators - are reported to
come from various Mexican states
and banded together to make illegal
entry after they had separately ap
plied for admission at border ports
and been refused. All are known to
American secret service agents and
are liable to -arrest on sight should
they appear in theiJnited States,, it
is said.
Sonora Anti-American
DOUGLAS, Dec. 10. A resolution
has been drafted by the state con
gress of Sonora and telegraphed to
President Venustiano Carranza of
Mexico, assuring him of the adhession
of the people of Sonora and their en
tire agreement with the attitude of
the central government, arising from
the Jenkins case. The message as
quoted in Orientacion, a Hermosillo
newspaper, says that the state con
gress, as representative of the entire
people, had by unanimous vote decid
ed to express its loyalty and entire
approval to the central government in
the difficulties threatening to arise
between the United States and Mex
ico. means and to the American people
and American prestige"
Higher Temperature
Brings Solacefor
' the Western States
CHICAGO, Dec. 10. A break in the
cold wave that for two days has cov
ered most of the country west of the
Mississippi river came late today.
Some moderation was reported tonight
except east of the Mississippi where
the cold was severe and in the north
ern plains states.
Weather bureau observations show
ed the temperature today at Minne
apolis had Tisen from 16 below to zero
and at Omaha to 6 above tonight as
compared with 16 below early today.
Denver showed the greatest change
from 12 below last night to 50 above
today.
Unseasonable weather with heavy
snow prevailed on the north Pacific
coast.
Except for the northwest and the
eastern half of the country, generally
rising temperatures .accompanied by
unsettled weather was predicted for
tomorrow and Friday in the mountain,
plains, southwest and central states.
In Chicago 7 degrees above zero
was reached at 9 o'clock tonight as
compared to 8 below at 9 a. m. In 24
hours firemen responded to 125
alarms, several firemen suffering in
juries. DENIES FLYERS DRANK
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 10..
Statements attributed to Lt. B. W.
Maynard, transcontinental aviator,
that iatal accidents in tne army air
race were due in some instances to
use of alcohol, were declared untrue
by Major W. A. Robertson, command
ant of Mather field, home station of
three aviators who were killed.
I. W. W.
Oil Men Protest Seizure of
Wells in Tampico District
By Soldiers
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. Another
memorandum on the Mexican situa
tion was sent to President Wilson. It
deals with .the interference of the
Mexican government witht he opera
tion of American owned oil properties
in Mexico and was prepared by Chair
man Payne of the shipping board,
after representatives of the Associat
ed Mexican Oil Producers, headed by
F. R. Kellogg of New York, had pre
sented the sitnation to him.
At the same time Mr. Payne pre
pared and sent to Secretary Lansing
a letter urging the importance of pro
tecting the American supply of Mexi
can fuel oil upon which the shipping
board is almost solely dependent for
fuel for its 500 oil burning passenger
and freight steamers.
It developed today that the state
department has been continuing to
protest to the Mexican government
against decrees forbidding the drilling
of new weels on privately owned prop
erty in the Tampico fields and other
decrees affecting" the oil interests of
American and other foreigners in
Mexico. Three notes have been dis
patched within six months, but it was
said today that President Carranza
had not replied to any of them.
The note of November 18 was dis
patched after receipt or official in
formation that Carranza soldiers, had
seized another American owned oil
well on November 12.
It was learned today that Mexican
military forces at various times dur
ing the past month have stopped drill
ing operations of American compa
nies on the pretext that "permits' 'to
drill had not been obtained. In order
to obtain the "permits' foreign oil
companies must agree in advance that
such wells as may be drilled would be
come the property of the Mexican
government. The United States re
peatedly protested against these de
crees. RAILROAD BILL
IS
N THE SENATE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. Attacking
the Cummins railroad bill as a meas
urre especially designed to help the
roads with their return to private own
ership, Senator La Follette, Republi
can, Wisconsin, declared in the senate
today that its enactment would "con
stitute the greatest stain on legisla
tion in the history of the American
nation."
"There is nowhere In this bill one
clause In the Interest of the people,"
said Senator LaFollette, who charged
that the measure Bought to validate
"all the chicanery of 17 years of rail
road Jugglery" and fasten lt on the
people.
Robert 3. Lovett, president of the
Union Pacific system, in a statement
sent to members of congress, describ
ed what he cansidered as the good and
bad feature of the Cummins and the
Esch bills, declaring that the "most
amazing" provision of the Esch. meas
ure as amended by the house dealt
with labor.
"It effectually perpetuates every
wage Increase and every working
rule or regulation made by the rail
road administration during the
tress of war and abnormal conditions
resulting therefrom," he said.
ASK CARNEGIB MEDALS
PHOKNTX. Arif., Dee. 19. Applica
tion to the Carnegie Hero Fund com
mittee for hero medals for Lt.. E. R.
Vamum and Wendel V. Heried was
prepared today by a number of Mesa
citizens,
BOMBARDED
MM I ION I U CONS DER I
I 1 I 1 R I I k I wm U A BWI M .
OF PRESIDENT
Men to Get Fourteen Per Cent Increase in Wages at Once
and Return to Work; Restrictions on Use of Coal on
Hand to Remain in Force Till Supply of Nation
Is Replenished From the Mines.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 10.-! proposal exactly as written and I un-w-fu
?erS St:ike iS ended' r.tad the operator's oonLi,
with but one dissentina vote th
e general committee of the United
Mine workers of America this after
noon voted to accept President Wil
son's proposal for immediate return
to work pending final settlement of
their wage controversy with operat
ors by a commission to be. aoDointed
by him.
Telegrams were sent tonight to
the 4,000 locals of the union by inter
national officials instructing the men
to return to wor immediately. Ad
ditional instructions will be sent out
tomorrow morning.
Operators tonight predicted full
resumption of operations Friday and
shipment of coal from the mines be
ginning Monday morning.
Miners, operators and government
officials alike were highly gratified
over the settlement and all sides ap
peared confident of a final satisfac
tory settlement of the fight by the
commission.
The action today ends a tie-up of
the soft coal industry of more than
fie weeks duration, which was mort
far reaching in its effects than any
other in the history of the country.
As a result of the strike the country
waa iaai approaciung a snuiuown oi
industry and widespread suffering!
among its ICO.000,000 inhabitants.
Radicals Bluster
The decision came after many
hours of debate, in which the radi
cal element made Incendiary
speeches agaMst operators and oth
ers interested in settlement of the
strike and for a time threatened to
defeat efforts to settle the strike at
this time. The conservative element,
led by Acting President John L. Lew
is.' and Secretary-Treasure Green,
gained control of the situation this
morning and succeeded in putting
down all opposition by the time the
matter came to a vote. The conven
tion of the miners at a future date,
at which time the action of, and rea
sons of the general committee will be
fully explained. 1
Attorney General Palmer express
ed his gratification as follows:
"The miners at their meeting this
afternoon accepted the
president's!
JOHNSON TAKES BIG LEAD OVER 1
GENERAL WOOD; BUT THREE DAYS
LEFT TO CAST STRAW BALLOTS
Only three days remain of the Review's straw vote on presidential
favorites for the 1920 campaign I All voters in tho Warren District who
have not yet done so are urged to fill in the coupon below and mail it at
once to the political editor of the Review.
The coupons will be counted Saturday night, and the result of the ten
days' voting announced in Sunday morning's issue of the Review.
Voting has been brisk since the taking of the straw vote was begun
by the Review last week, showing that although it is still half a year be
fore the date of the Republican and Democratic conventions, interest in the.
presidential race, and who will be the candidates of the respective parties,
is lively throughout the Warren District.
The feature of the balloting yesterday was the big lead taken by Senator
Hiram Johnson over General Leonard Wood, who has been pressing the
California Senator closely for Republican honors ever since the straw vote
began. Johnson is now nearly 50 votes ahead of General Wood, whose sup
porters will have to get busy in the next three days if they do not want to
tee their favorite snowed under.
Democratic votes still continue scarce. President Wilson yesterday
passed W. G. McAdoo by two votes as the presidential favorite of the War
ren District Democrats.
Fill in the coupon below with the name of your favorite, and address It
to "Political Editor, Bisbee Daily Review." Names are required to be signed
to the coupons so as to validate the count and prevent "ballot-stuffing," but
these names are considered in the strictest confidence, and will under no
circumstances be published.
Get in the game and help your favorite to run up the biggest vote In
the Warren District. This is the eighth day f the voting. Fill In tha
coupon below. i .'V -, -j j
WHOlISlYOUR
My Choice for the
in 1920 is
I favor him because
Signed
FOR SETTLEMENT
nave announced their acceptance of
It. It provides for the immediate re
sumption of operations in all distri.-ts
upon the basis which obtained in
October 31, 1919, except as to wpes.
which are to be 14 per cent high -.
than at that date. This means that
the men shall be taken back to work
in all mines in the positions and up
on the terms of their contracts or
employment then existing; and it is
confidently expected that the m!r
workers will accede to the govern
ment's earnest request that the stat
us quo of October 31 be promptly re
established in order that peaceful
relations between employer and em
ploye in all parts of the mining fields
may be immediately resumed. I am
asking the governors of all coal min
ing states to cooperate in the effort
to bring this about."
Calls Miners Patriots
Acting President John L. Lewis of
the union declared that the action
taken today would "demonstrate to
the people of our country that the
United Mine Workers are loyal to our
country, and believe in the perpetuity
of our' democratic institutions. No
greater demonstrations of such facts
j could be given than our action in ac-
t.tiptins tne proosai of the president
nf rnife! Ktites"
Restrictions Hold
. Fuel Administrator Garfield on re
ceipt of woid that the miners in In
dianapolis had agreed to accept Pres
ident Wilson's proposal, declared that
immediate removal of regulations on
soft coal consumption was not to be
considered.
Director General ITines said that
the public will be expected to con
tinue conserving coal until normal
conditions are restored but just as
soon as practicable restrictions will
he rescinded or modified.
NORTHERN TOWN BURNS
PIERRE. S. D., Dec. 10. A tele
phone message from Midland, 50 miles
west of here tonight reported a bad
fire raging in that place. A half dozen
buildings had burned up to the time
of the telephone call, but it was
thought to be under controL
CANDIDATE?
.nomination for President PAGE TWO
THE BISUEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11,1919
HIERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
1
?!.T"t' ,?rt!S!Jl'5SW4"
GLOBE COAL SUPPLY
NEAR FAMrNE POINT! pi
GLOBE, Dec. 10. Max Fiedler, .fuel
distribution agent for this district,
asks all coal consumers to co-operate
in the economic use of coal until such
time U8 the present shortage is
passed. Mr. Fiedler says the local
fuel dealers have about ten days' sup
ply on hand and unless the residents
of this district co-operate with, the
field administration drastic steps may
be taken to curtail the use of coal.
Mj Fiedler advises the use or coat
substitutes wherever possible..
U
S. MARSHALL SELLS
CONFISCATED SUGAR.
TUCSON, I)ec. 10. United States
Marshal Joseph C. Dilloi became a
grocer in Tucson a few days .ago
when he sold thousands of pounds !
sugar, which the 'federal authorities
recently seized from a .Chinese (mer
chant , who is now facing a profiteer
ing charge.
By stipulation of counsel the sugai
was sold by the offioer, who disposed
of it to wholesalers at tlPi cents a
pound, which the retailers sold at a
profit ot a cent a pound.
The Chinaman will be tried in the
federal -court in January term at Tuc
son.
CHRISTMAS TREE SHORTAGE
IN SALT RIVER VALLEY
MESA, Dec. 10. Unless motor car.
come to the rescue and bring pinons,
firs and pines from the mountains o:
Arizona, Mesa and the Salt River val
ley may face this year a tragic Christ
mas tree shortage.
The impending shortage is laid to
the fuel famine. "The railroads may
be unable to handle trees because ol
the fuel situation," is the warning
that has been sent out.
In the past few years trees for this
valley have been supplied from the
forests of Yavapai and other more
northern, counties, and have been
brought jnto the valley over the
Santa Fe branch line north.
Hundreds of beautiful Christmas
trees are available, however, in the
Sierra Anchas, above the Dam, and
in the country beyond Superior. Over
the Black Canyon roHd north from
Phoenix good trees can be found. Mo
tor cars and trucks plying in these
districts will probably be able to re
lieve the situation.
Dealers, however, predict that
Christmas trees this year will cost 35
per cent more than last, due to the
difficulty and expense of securing
them.
STATE LOSES 'FORT
GRANT WATER RIGHT.
GLOIJE, Dec. 10. Judge Shute
made Arizona history at Safford last
week when he returned a verdict in
favor of the plaintiff in the case ol
Kennedy Brothers, et al. versus Super
intendent Larson or the state Indus
trial school, wherein the plaintiff
sought to recover water rights which
had .been appropriated by the stat:
school.
By deciding in .favor or the plaintifl
the court ruled that the settlers .had
prior right to the water rights at Fort
Grant, having proved their claims
were established in 18711, whereas the
state filed on the water rights in
1914. The court ruled that the water
rights .owned by the government
were not transferred with the 2000
acres of land and that all the school
is entitled to is the water which is
supplied through a five inch pipe
line.
According to Andrew Baumert, sec
retary of the board of directors oi
state institutions, this will be barely
enoughto meet domestic needs, with
the possibility that there imay be -suf
ficient water to keep alive the ithree,
acre orchard and a very small truck
garden. The school irrigation products
Declines Auto
v.
i &
CFCRGEL.. BAUM: I
WASHINGTON The government
uffcrcd this mail carrier an auto for
fcls trips, but he refused to give in
the. tricycle with which lie has iii;ile
deliveries in city IIih -."
3 ears.
will have to be abandoned and .all
ans for raising produce and feed for1
stock in sufficient .quantities to .make
the institution self supporting will
have o be given up, according xo
Baumert.
FALSE ALARM OF "WAR"
WAKES UP PHOENIX POLICE.
PHOENIX. 'Dec. 10. Somebody
united the rope or the village cutup
Sunday night, that chap who always
is the life of the party, and conse
quently hot time, if not a .good 'time,.
A8 bad by all .and '.moat everybody
in the northwestern .end of the telty
was wide awake at midnight and
wondering if another war was on.
The village cutup did the Paul Re
vere act right merrily, shouting ."'ex
tra .and bawling confusing, words
about some war. The American Le
gion boys 'began calling up the Re
publican off ice for facts, and the good
old "I won't fight" brigade was evi
denced by one trembling, voice that
inquired about the next 'boat" to
China. ;
The Republican staff found itself
disconcerted somewhat, " nobody had
told its telegraph editor about any
w.av and no extras were rolling forth
from the Republican's presses. It
was necessary .to wake up the cops,
down at the city hall in order to ask
them what -about any war and they
seemed -to get the words "war" and
"roar" miaed ;up. They knew all
about "roar."
Anyway it made a finish for an
otherwise very -quiet Sunday eight.
ARIZONA GINNER TO STUDY
COTTON GROWING IN EGYPT.
CHANDLER, Dec. 10. The South
west Cotton company .has perfected
plans for building a modern concrete
fireproof gin on the site of the gin
destroyed last week by fire. The old
gin, the first long-staple plant in the
valley, was erected in 1914 and was
valued at $3S,000. The new plant will
cost about $60,000.
K. B. McMicken, chief clerk of the
company, has left for Egypt, where he
will remain for three months to make
a close study of all phases of cotton
growing on the Nile and of the meth
ods for handling and marketing crop.
WEEKLY DAIRY REPORT
Milk examinations for week ending December 6th, give the following re
sults, the milk being placed as near as possible in order of merit:
Name of ' Solids Bacteria
Dairy Fat Not Fat Per C.C.
Hillside 4.4 9.11 4,000
J. Conley .' 4. 11.03 5,000
Bisbee Creamery 4.3 9.0G G.000
Royal Confectionery 4.1 9.47 6,000
San Jose, City 4.1 9.07 15,000
F. Guerrero "5.7 8.87 20,000
A. Karam : i 3.4 9.03 40,000 .
Maine 3.5 8 80 G0.000
San Jose, County 3.8 9.29 150,000
Standard required Not less 3.25: not less 8.50; not more 150,000.
R. B. DURFEE.
at large Monday by 97 votes over L.
H. Gruber.
Mcnte Mansl'Udd, Republican, was
elected councilman from the First j
ward by a majority of 144 votes over j
J. Breck Richardson. j
C. M. Lincoln, Democrat, was elect- j
ed to succeed Al Bernard in the Sec-
ond ward by a total or 119 votes, ;
practically without opposition.
Red Cross Christmas Seal tickets
will make it possible to employ nurses
to care for Arizona's sick. Buy the
seals freely.
CLOSE SONORA MINES
AGUA PRIETA, Sonora. Mexico,
Dec. 9. Activities of Yaqui Indians in
Sonora and withdrawals of roops
from the duty of protecting mines
have combined to cause the closing
down of properties at Tellamer. 225
miles south of here, near the Chihua
hua state border line. This informa
t ion was brought here today by Frank
lin H. Harding, engineer for a mining
company:
Splendid assortment of slippers for
the entire family; 85 cents to $2.50 a
pair. Fair Store. Adv.
Sure
Relief
6 Bell-ans
BELL-ANS
FOR INDIGESTION
lion be made before the end of lUi.;
year, as the -ship was due for a itiip.,
and -further opportunities might not
come for a long time.
The governor dug up the list or
Arizona citizens who had raised the
$10,000 for the purchase of the silver
set, and notified them today uuu
they were invited to run over to New
York and deliver the goods. The list
includes the governor, Allen T. (Bird
of Nogales, Louis S. Cates, who for
merly hailed from Ray and who now
resides in "Salt- Lake City; W. E.
Berg of Flagstaff and Capt. L. W.
Mix of Nogales. Their answers will
be the next development.
; boon posted for sale on December 27
on the steps of the county courthouse, i
. Harper has a labor lien against the
'mill and claims of the conipanyl
' REPUBLICANS WIN IN
i
j OLD PUEBLO ELECTION
! TUCSON. Dec. 10. Harold Brooks,
Republican, was elected councilman-
MINING LITIGATION ON
SUPERIOR COURT DOCKET
TUCSON, Dec. 10 Considerable
litigation was set yesterday for hear
ing -in the next 10 days of the superior
court. -
The suit of Steinfeld & Co. against
the Imperial Mines company was set
for December 13, that of the 'Copper:
Bell company against A. .Encinns, for
the same date, and the case of F. M.
Farrell against the Arizona Copper
company will be up for trial on De
cember 15.
Notice -of application for an injunc
tion and appointment of a receiver,
was filed yesterday by R. D. Harper
against the .Emery-Whitcomb Tung
sten company in the superior court.
Under the judgment obtained in Feb
ruary, 1919, James Emery has at
tached the mill and claims of the com
pany at Gijas and the property hny
LOUISIANA
OIL BULLETIN
Containing Map of the Louisiana
Oil "Fields, and four 7-column
p-ges of .live oil .news fresh from
the oil fields. . Compiled from oil
field journals and newspapers up
to Dec. 1st. Call and flet a free
.copy, or drop .us a postal and it
will be mailed to you, free.
BAILEY, HALL 6. CO.
Investments,
602-4-6 Citizens ' Natl. .Bank Bldg.
Los .Angeles. Phone $2174. .Calif.
LET US DO YOUR WASHING
Free Demonstration
At Your Home of Our
BLUE BIRD WASHER
The Best Xmas Present You Can Buy
f
FREE Oil Maps
Large sectional Maps of the
Homer and .Bull Bayou fields
FREE, j;t our Eisbee office on
Main street, in Reynold's Music
Shop.
G. A. R. ROSS
(Dunbar n-d ;Company
$10,00 SILVER SET OF !
S. S. ARIZONA IN STORAGE. I
v PHOENIX, Dec. 10. Glad that it is j
rust proof, and glad also to hear from j
it .again, Governor Thomas E. Camp-;
bell yesterday received a jolt about j
the 510,000 silver service when the '
state presented some years ago to the 1
U. S. S. Arizona at a time when thatj
pvide of the United Slates navy had i
little more than a keel and a couple i
of garboards strakes. ;
Secretary of the Navy Joseph j
Daniels advised the governor verier-,
day that the $10,000 chest of dinner '
tools was reposing in a warehouse at j
the New York navy yard and that the
Arizona was standing by in modest
expectation or the presentation. The
secretary suggested that the presenta-
RENEW YOUR WARDROBE
for Christmas. Send us that dainty
waist or dancing frock, those furs,
gloves, feathers, etc., that are not
as new looking as you would have
them. Our dry cleaning will re
new their newness.. You .can have
a complete new outfit at very .lit
tle expense if you will send us the
things promptly.
BISBEE DYE & CLEANING
WORKS
i iHir ft i
1 BISBEE DYE t CLEANING WORKS I
j j. v uini.
KLEAN
LEANEHS
Y"l
IMUM
CAN TUBERCULOSIS
BE CURbD'f
lr. .Cil.t.4.s lias posi
tive proof hi- is tl'
to euro Titlwivulosus
by inliaUUion, in any
elimntc.
M-'or fuitlior infor
'iihUoii. jicMross T. !.
Jl.ASS INH.VMOXT
co.. s ci t r: 5 12.
MASO.V.-ilOLU. ).OS
VXOKLKS. C A L I -1-OK.V1A.
" v !
j
LP
Make Your Men Folks Welcome Santa
'it.
$70.00
VICTROLA
for
$55.00
Slightly used but
good ,as new. Come
early, 'this -will be
snapped up in a .hur
ry. just received big
shipment of Victrolas
and Brunswcks.
Select Yours New for
Christmas.
McWhortcrs
Talking Machine
Shop
If you don't know the sort of things that men really like
to get at Yuletide, ask us.
We'll not only "tip you off" to some original ideas
izi giving gifts tc men but we'll show you the very
things to give.
For Men
GIVE BATH ROBES
For a Practical Gift
Yioes $10.00, $12.50, $15.i)'
The practical gift is growing in
favor each season. The giving of Bath
Robes is becoming especially popular
from one member of the family to the
other.
Our stock of Bath Robes this year
is very comprehensive, and we feel
confident with our help in choosing,
which we will gladly give. Any wo
man can not go wrong in the choice of
a Bath Robe for "Hubby's Gift.
TRAVELING BAGS and SUIT CASF'
From $5 to .$20
A wise choice indeed for .any
one's CI
surp
new l raveling .Dags
strongly made and reinforced
to stand iheScnocks of travel.
And most likely they need a jjt
new one. It s your chance to
give someone a good, useful fjT,
v, . a u J
jiso.iii. , ,iai,Kr. ,taaui uuuiu .
et ""nlativoly 'luw ;prir:rs. s
es Christmas mornings 'A ? r'r'--rprise
would be of these -fTA O"
w Traveling Bags or Cases, 'p1- liiii
3 4t r
a mR
pi
Phone
or
Come in
and leave
Your Name
These
Wonderful
Machines
Have No
Equal
Sold on
The Easy
Payment
Plan
Will Pay
You to
Investigate
BlueBird wash is
( 77. 7
on trie Line by nine
Why spend weary hours at
hard work when BlueBird will,
do your washing for you? Dis
card the -old rub-board wkich
takes your strength end healtlu
Ue iKe BlueBird Electric ClotkesVaeLcT.
Fill the bi copper tub with clothea. tin
ix to iant .minute they a?e -waabed
cloan cleaner than by any piher-vrarh-ing
proces. Within an hour, et xaonX,
the whole week's wash ia docs.
All without the slightest effort by yoa.
Even th wringing ia done by motor.
The confining drudgery cf washday ia
no more. q .-.-- . - ... i
.And the clothes laat 5 timea longer when
washed the BlueBird way, for there is
' co wear or tear, no oscihls way ior
clolhe to be harmed.
See the hendsorr.e, all-white. DlusDird
Decitic Clothes Washer. Still bettci
us demonstrate BlueBird
in your own home, free.
(Dealer's Name
1 All -V
ana i-iaaressj
. si
A
E
41
AT,
Buy the
Best
A
Blue Bird
Washer
Has No
Equal
Twice the
Life of
Others
General
Electric
Motor
Washes
Everything
Absolutely
Clean
ELECTRIC CLOTHES WASHER
ill
"HERCULES OF THE SOUTHERN OIL FIELDS
Hard-Earned Money
-Should be invested v.isciy, cipccVaily -ncvy, vlien the HIGH 'COST OF LIVING AND
EARAHNG POWER RVN 'NECK AND NECK.
INVEST YOURS WITH SAFETY
And Permanence 3 your ebjestive. Don't -Tollow the hue and cry of those who want
a 'turn-over" of 100', over night
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINING COMPANY
surrounds an oil investment with all safeguards known tp business experience:
Exportly-chosen ccroages, totaling 27,834, in three -states
Production, running into pipeline nd well drilling for more.
Homer .tracts, almost within a stone's throw of rich gushers.
Dcsdsmona and Burkburnett holdings, with A-1 possibilities.
Capable management, with exports always watching each field.
THESE ARE ESSENTIALS, WHICH PROVIDE THE
BEST INSURANCE FOR YOUR $1
INVESTIGATE, THEN INVEST
e
V
47
Capitali-
zilion,
One
Million
Dollars
Shares
Par
Value
One
Dollar
ORDER DIRECT FROM :
HATFIELD & BRADFORD
Duuglas, Arizona LICENSED BROKERS Bisbee, Arizona
Nogales. Arizona Tombstone, Arizona
EL PASO, TEXAS
PRODUCTION FROM THE START" . '
"ORDER FROM YOUR HOME BROKER "
ww i .1 mini m n jf iij ii iiiiiimiwww''mwwwwwwipimiww'i
,.,.,,. .,.,,, .1.1i,il .,,. il I I II I ll.l.
a THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11,1919
THE BISDEE DAILY R E V I E W
PAGE THREE
Sees Menace to Prestige of Bisbee j
Schools In Shortening School Term1
Fa T m
Bisbee, Arizona, Dec. 8. 1919.
Editor Review:
"There is nothing in connection
with our educational system that is
more important than the caliber and
character of our teachers. Next to the
home, and doubtless in many cases
even more thar in ' the home, the
greatest influence brought to bear
upon our boys and girls is that of the
teacher. Indeed during their waking
period the teacher has the children
for a greater number of hours than
has the parent. It is not only Their
Intellectual progress, therefore, that
is to be considered, but also their
higher well-being in every respect. .
The second dangerous policy is a t
threatened curtailment of the school ;
year. For several years this district
has been a pathfinder, pioneer and j
in things educational. The university
' and school men generally in this state
at least, still so regard it. Under the
impetus gained through aggressive,
but wise leadership the school year
has steadily increased until finally the
maximum of twelve, school months, per
year has been reached. This has been
so productive of advancement on the
part of pupils that it has made our
district an object of keen interest
abroad and drawn to teaching and su-
Ipervisory positions in our schools a
number of able persons .whose only
reason for remaining is the unique
I educational experiment and school
THE ASSESSORS
PHOENIX, Doc. 10. Minimum valu
ations for the guidance or the various
county assessors in this state are an
nounced today by the state tax com
mission on a "recommendation masis."
The minimums are said to be ap
proximately the same as those of last
year. '
Merchandise, under the reeomend
ations, is to be assessed as per in
ventory value. Fences, per wir e mile,
are recommended for assessment at
$25. The recommendations provide
assessments of $36.30 per acre for
non-productive patented claims or
$750 per full claim; $36.30 per acre
for patented mill sites, and $10 per
acre for non-productive patented
placer claims and coal lands. The
valuations are to be considered sole
ly as minimum valuations.
IT'S A JAPANESE THRIFT AD-
The above is quoted from a Cana
But the teaching profession faces s'stm in operation here. It is now
degeneration; for several years it has proposed in some quarters to reduce
been gradually Impoverished by its the school year to nine months,
failure to attract young men, espe-J The moment the above proposel be
cially those of pronounced ability and' comes a policy the schools of this dis
high ideals. A few scholarly, elderly trict are doomed. This result mus
men may still be found in the profes- follow for various reasons: The ays-'
sion outside of the colleges, but the tern at once ceases 10 oe unique as Tnf ImroWo kirrhf
number of such is deplorably smalLan educational center, and those who f JJUUIICCI a A lUL
The young men now teaching frankly , irom tneir aesire 10 De pioneers in a T)w,M7rkCS4- PT10rl
tell us that they are teaching only to! new departure were -attracted to it, 1 I UVUt VJlitll 51 Oil
Border at El Paso
Is' . ; ' c -v c v . v. x r t 'v jfj s
i -1- v
earn funds with which to fit them
selves for a different profession.
Paralleling this attitude is that of the
women of the corp3 scarce one in
ten but expects in the near future to
renounce teaching in. order to grace
finding themselves deceived and disil
lusioned, -will seek their ideals else
where. Certain of our more ex
perienced teachers who gave up good
places elsewhere because of the long
er school year and supposed security
exceeding that now received. A cur
tailment of the school year after a full
understanding that the said year not
a home and rear a family of her own. as to tenure or position win at once
It is true that this attitude has been 1 1"V unless guaranteed for the new
nrt ,0. .o,,n,r rhnoi school year a total salary equal to or
officials, becaue of the all too-common
provision that married women
mov Tint ttiarrl in mlhliff schools. For-
mer successful and acceptable ser-onlv 7' would re,mavia a twelv
vice, and that finer appreciation and mnth. echo01 r- be regarded
more intimate knowledge of the child. an8Ued to e an evidence
which comes through motherhood are of ba faith on the Part of ool of
thus too often lost to the profession ficials and n tend Erectly to lower
through a weak concession to the tne morale the yarious school sala
.i.:vi.iii, T ,Tr.T k ries should be raised will be intr-
, , ., preted as an indirect though none the ,
Hy."
EL. PASO, Dec. 10. Firteen hun
dred dollars' worth of liquor was
seized tonight by members of the
American provost guard near here,
following a clash with "twelve smug
glers, during which 200 shots wereN
fired. The smugglers, who were try
ing to bring over the liquor in a
wagon from the Mexican side of the
Rio Grande, escaped. None of the
soldiers was hit, but- whether the
smugglers suffered any casualties
was not known.
Married Women Forced Out
That married women have been
less effective method of cuttinsr sala
ries. Though teachers are by training
and necessity long-suffering, does any-
one imagine In this day of an awak-
forced from the profession and that ened civic consciousness that the
this spirit is abroad let the following thinking public would approve or the
facts attest: Out of approximately
600,000 teachers in the public schools
of the nation, 100,000 are between 17
and 19; 150,000 are lesB than 22 years
and 300,000 are less than 26 years.
What wealth of experience, what ma
turity of counsel these can impart to
their charges!
But this is not all of the above,
outvied teachers endure snch an in
disnitv to so faithful a body of puD
lic servants
Financial Reasons Not Sufficient
The Indefensible character of this
policy of curtailment is manifest from
several angles : First, those who urge
it would most violently oppose such a
V ould-be Suicide
Likely to Recover
Tony Remic, Italian miner of Low
ell, who shot himself Tuesday after
noon while being detained at the city
in il by Deputy Sheriff Foster Tuesday
ly that he will recover.
Remic was brought to the city jail
jail by Deputy Sheriff Fcstef Tuesday
afternoon, after he had threatened to
kill himself. The deputy sheriff was
taking him to Tombstone, where he
was to have been examined for his
sanity. Temporarily locked up in the
city jail, Remic shot himself three
SEE!1
imiJL&ULlJLl
mm
in e very-day service is this new, h V'M0:f. '
cr. DoriUspend your 'money W fffiffij'
' for a cheap, unreliable machine ( J;lf$? -
''JCifllj' SL Rtp J M J-hand OHIO- ' i
fW 3 I.W '"T g S 'lUEC thtn invest- ., ,' j&AAt&i '
Pit fSQ jul. 9 M fch.ofOHio. fjSStii'f--"i YA
100.000 have had less than two years j Proposal if applied to themselves. Sec
beyond the eighth grade. 200,000 have 1 ond- no business or profession worthy
. . .. . , , .t. or thp name pirppnt tMpMnir cvor mc
naa less man iour years oeyouu ui; , - - IIZZZZZ . times with a 32 caliber revolver which
eighth grade, and 300,000 have had no - , Si . J '-
professional preparation for teaching, on three-fourth time. Third no other
This means that one-third the teach- body of workmen of equal inteUigence
ing force of the nation are not even wuldube ex?ecfted event a9,k,ed to,
high school graduates and one-half j 8Ubnllt m ! a f
nn snArint nrpnaratinn for ! contract. Fourth, the most elemen-
teaching. Sixty-five thousand teachers tir' "e ot Justice and of self pre-
he had sfrtueled into the cell. He is
be'rsr crrd for at the Calumet and
Arirora company hospital.
commit anv indipnitv of the m?rcli!Tif
of our children, let them be sure that
are today substituting on sufferance. vton would forbid the folly of al- their act is based on high and unas
ut'iiituiiK uuu iiuiiiuiaiing a . most
having been unable to pass the lowest
tests prescribed for teachers in their
several states. The number of new
teachers needed annually exceeds one
hundred ten thousand, yet the total
number of graduates of all normal
schools of the United States Is less
than twenty-five thousand. How long
could law, medicine, the ministry, or
any other learned profession com
mand public esteem, or even exist, on
such a showing? Yet we Americana
fondly assume and proudly assert that
the public school is the cornerstone of
our democracy, and the greatest melt
ing pot of the nations, fusing the var
ious Immigrant peoples or at least
their children into a great homogen
eous American race. How sadly our
wishes and imaginings have erred the
cantonment records of 1917 abundant
ly prove. ,
Low Salaries To Blame
To become and to remain efficient
as a profession it must be stabilized
ns to educational qualifications, moral
standards, teneur of position, and a
Just compensation. That a high stan
dard of academic requirement is no
cause for the present shortage of
teachers, is clearly seen from the fact
that in such states as California,
where such requirements are unusually
severe the supply still exceeds the
demand, because the compensation is
made commensurate with the require
ments. That a lack of such compen- j
nation may override even a love for
the profession mad also be seen from
p , report of the National Education
association to the effect that 22 per
cent of the teachers of standard quali
fications resigned during the year 1918
to accept' higher salaries In other,
liirsjof work.i These aspects of the
profession 'howevorj have received
puch notice in the public prints that
it may not be necessary or advisable
to discuss them further, here.
Two dangerous policies have re
cently found adherents and advocates
In the Warren District: The first Is:
Let teachers resign and go elsewhere
if they wish. We have always been
phle to renlacp such, whv not now?
Two falacles are clearly evident here
one, that teachers as as plentiful as
ever (which all surveys of the teach
ing field disprove, the other, (hat
tocher ps s those now on iw
corps can easily be found. The troth
l" ttint "i" tonchers, considered frm
th standpoint of academic training,
ars practically hand-picked, that they
rank pTrntcriollv hlrh. snd that th
niany and constantly incresslng resig
nations will react to bring our dis
trict Into direnute smonr teachers
Elsewhere and to prevent its securing:
&mv teachers whatever.
"-diKing 8:hool Year Dangerous
a. most in
telligent, patriotic and useful group of
our citizens by any course which
would degrade their vocation tiv 1
claring it in effect of ron-e!oo-i
for any part of the year whatever. Let
our officials beware. Before they
sailable moral grounds financial rea
sons will no longer suffice.
OBSERVER.
S" our line of Whitman's candiea
In beautiful Xmas fancv containers at
the Bisbee Smoke House. Adv.
Felt Slippers
for Christmas
Gifts
A PRACTICAL SUGGESTION FOR
MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN
What gift would be more welcome or
more pleasing. The comfort realized
through the gift of a pair of these
warm felt slippers will bring many
cheerful thoughts of the giver. .
Our assortment is large, all styles,
Romeos, Juliets and Everetts in Pink,
Blue, Navy, Wisteria, Mulberry, Grey,
Brown, Lavender, Black, Red or Old
Rose. You can match her Kimona or
his Bath Robe.
Men's Leather House Slippers $4.00
Men's Felt Slippers $2 and $2.50
Women's Felt Slippers....$1.75 to $2.50
ChUdren's Felt Slippers 85c to $1.15
Buy Now While Sizes Are Complete
i
TOKroJapan ,uses such picturesue posters as tins to insnil the
habit of thrift into its inhabitants. This advertisements reads: "Success
and happiness are the beautiful flowers that spiing from the plain brown
bulbs of thrift and' savings."
DIDN'T WORK THAT WAY. i SET THE DATE
"Robson. do you know why you are' A young Swede in South Dakota!
like a donkey?" the jester queried. who had been sent out to collect bills j
"Like a donkey?" echied Robsong, for the general store returned with!
opening his eyes wide. "I don't." this report: j
"Because your better half is stub-j ..yon Brown, he say he pay when'
bornness itself. ih hi wneat. ole oieson. he say.
The je?t pleased Robson immense-' he pay when he sell his oats; and
ly, for he at once saw the opportunity Yon Yonscn, he say he pay in Yanu-:
for a glorious dig at his wife. So arv . i
von knnv vh t am Hi, 4 llnBwri "In January," repeated the proprie-; S
'hp waiti n mnmPTit Cvno.t , tos, surprised. ."Why, he never set a ' f,
wife to give it up. But she didn't. date before. Are you sure he said '.. i
She locked at him somewhat pitying- January: js
ly as she answered: "Veil, Ay tank it bane Yanuary.
"I suppose it's because you were He say it bane dam cold day when
corn so. you get your money."
' ? f - ' ?
r'-yo j vrUl caU, iite or telephone any deilcr Utted below wUI g!f " ,
fi JcUcc? an OHIO-TUEC to your Lome for fro examination c2 tii- '
Just the thing for MOTHER for Xmas
Head the l)ily nytew -Want Ada Read the Daily Review Want Ads.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRINGS RESULTS.
sea wtftwaiiigm
r
mm fell
T'
E.-tj.v
m
Ifi S"4i if
?M' --'
:?::sM-
' V V: '.'
-'''
1
L-.-V.:VX
"mm
26 Rounds
BISBEE ATHLETIC CLUB 8:30 P.M.
26 Rounds
GRAND
THEATRE
DANNY KRAMER
of Los Anjeles, and
ALPH LINCOLN
of Tucson, Ariz.,-at 122 lbs.
6 Rounds SEMI-FINAL 6 Rounds
185 lbs.
Bob Collins, of Bisbee, vs.
Billy Johnson Unknown
6 Rounds SPECIAL EVENT G Rounds
130 lbs.
Kid Burns of Douglas and
Tony Ochoa of Tucson
CURTAIN RAISER EVENT
Battling Herrera of Bisbee and
Young Grif fo of Douglas
General Admission $1.50; Reserved 2.00
Ringside Reserved $3.00 PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11,1919
How long before the cow goes dry?
Sty? Sfebre Batly Stfuimu
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
By Morris
Bouillabaisse
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month $.80
Six months ' 4 50
Twelve Months ,. 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month, If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Dally Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"They that govern most make the least noise."
John Selden.
WHERE WAS THE GAIN?
PRESIDENT Wilson has again stepped to the fore as a success
ful mediator in ihe country's labor ills, and the national coal
strike is over. All the strikers are to return to work, and coal
production, after being retarded to an extent from which the
nation can not possibly recover this winter, will soon be back to nor
mal. Now that ihe strike is over, the question naturally arises, what
was gained by it? Everyone knows that a great deal was lost, in
wages to the coal miners and their families, and in suffering from
lack of fuel during cold weather on the part of the nation at large.
But who were the gainers, and what did they gain?
Certainly the long-suffering public gained nothing from the
strike, unless it were rheumatism, pinched noses and shivering
nights. So it must have been the miners who were the gainers.
These miners have gained a 14 per cent raise in wages. On the
other hand they have lost more than a month of wages. How long
will it take them, working every day, to get back to the point, fi
nancially, where they stood when they struck? They must get back
to this point before they evert break even before they even begin
to talk of gain. .
Ou the other hand, when will they ever redeem the suffering
through which their families have gone as a result of their being
out of work? When will they ever redeem the suffering the nation
has undergone as' a result of being deprived of fue! during the win
ter months?
The fuel shortage decs not end automatically the moment the
miners go back to work. Production has fallen so far behind dur
ing the weeks of the strike that it will be the end of winter before
the nation is again getting its regular supply of coal.
What have miners gained as a result of their strike? The ob
vious answer gives food for reflection as to the futility of all na
tional strikes.
PRODUCTION REACTION
IT is not surprising that the production of labor during the eurrent
year as reported by special private investigations, has fallen off
from the output per capita maintained during the war. After two
years of increased activity before the United States entered the
war, with a further increase in the two years when we were in the
war, the surprise would be if the production per capita did not fall
off.. Investigation by the New York Sun of various industrial plants
showed that the decrease in the production from .the war period
. ranged from 15 per cent to 50 per cent and the Pennsylvania Rail
road investigation of its own employes revealed even more startling
figures than those of private business. The Pennsylvania conclusion
was that the output per man was from 75 per cent to 100 per cent
less where piece work was eliminated. The production in the Penn
sylvania shops is reported at only GO per cent of what it was before
the Government took control. The elimination of piece work had a
marked influence in the falling off in the production.
While due allowance should be made for a reaction in output
after the strain of four years it is clear that the drop as reported
by the Pennsylvania is beyond all reason. This can hardly be con
sidered as a reaction but has, on the contrary, the appearance of
shirking. The difference between the reaction in industrial plants
where there is private management and in the railroad shops where
the Gyveraiucnt is the employer exemplifies Ihe disadvantage which
the Government work has over private work. In the former the em
ployer is considered an easy boss whereas in the latter the private
management may be considered as exacting a day's work for a day's
pay
In spite of the drop in output there has been a steady increase
in pay and employers have been obliged to put on additional men to
offset the smaller production. While the demand for goods is im
pressing the employes apparently feel that such demand is not as
urgent as during the war. Employers are unanimous, on the other
hand, that during the war the production per capita was beyond all
hope with everybody doing his utmost.
The relax from this strain naturally would make for a reaction.
If reports are true, Europe has been effected even more "than the
United States, for over there, there were four years' strain of the
most exacting sort. If the production has shown such a decline in
this country since the signing of the armistice it is no surprise that
Europe h-is been unable to got going at a normal pace even a year
afier the close of the fighting.
However, a campaign has been inaugurated for increased pro
duction and while those out on strike are disregarding the recjuest.
others are realizing the necessity for increased output. The ssnne
mob mind must work during the reconstruction peiiod as operated
during the war. The world will not be cut of the war until the effects
of it are conquered, and the only way this can be accomplished will
be through a steady increase in production.
OPPORTUNITY
LET us, all of us, at all times, conduct ourselves and do our work
as if the Eyes of opportunity were upon us.
David Belasco discovered David Warfield in an obscure
Bowery burlesque theatre.
The other day. after a matinee, some members of the burlesque
company were gathered in a restaurant for their evening meal.
One ot the comedians said to another: "Say, Sam, why did you
work so hard this afternoon, we didn't have much of a crowd?"
"Yes," replied Sam, "but Dave Belasco might have been in the
crowd we did have."
Henry Ward Beecher began his career preaching in a little
church at I,awrcnceburg. Ind., with a membership of less than 25
persons.
As a result of a simple family letter which one of these wrote
to her sister in Brooklyn. N. Y.. Henry Ward Ueecher became the
pastor of Plymouth church of that city.
He became a national figure preaching to more tut-n 3.000 per
sons each Sunday for more than 40 years.
Put the opportunity for it all came by his efforts while preach
ins for those 27t persons at Lawrenceburg, Ind?
This policy or always doing our work as if the eyes of opportun
ity were upon us in operative in the field, the factory, the store and
in every occupation of life, no matter how humble.
It is simply in using one job as tl.e opportunity for the next a
belter job.
Heinie talks sassy to the Supreme Council now, and our guess
is that the last ten installments of the indemnity have a present
market value of about 15 ccuts.
t
I
SUN I SUN I TUK I WED I TKU I JAT JAT
129.4M6.
7S991IM
21272425253.27
ASSISTANCE!
This is the way our calendar looked
when we came down bright and ear
ly this morning. The Nut Editor of
the Review wfll give a reward of
one bottle of Bevo to any one who
can tell what day of the year today
is by the calendar to the left. A
twenty-year subscription to the Re
view must accompany every answer.
The Review office boy is barred
from the contest.
FROM SUN TO SUN. THE ONCE OVER
It took just eight years of candy, flowers, theatre tickets and ardent
proposals for Albion C. Thomas of Don Luis to win and wed his bride.
It took her ten minutes to lose him.
"Ten minutes after we were married," Thomas told the judge, "my wire
lolt tie. I've nsvc.v seen her since. Next day I heard she h3deloped. 1 won
dev wny shs married me?"
'Tn't l:ncw," replied the judge, "Maybe to got rid of you."
o
WE MAY BREATHE AGAIN
"The rcith will not be destroyed by a sun spot," Is the discovery ot
Asticnomer Edgar Lncien Lr.rkin, who devoted no few houro at arriving at
ihe conclusion. (IC anybody else entertained such a fear he may dismiss It
nov.
o
DAILY HEALTH HINT
Don't j lor a Eiioli on the business side of Sacramento Hill after ch.rh.
John Twomey is busily engaged in taking an inventoty of his stock
in Tairsmfiiy Haii. Youthful burglars broke into Tammany Hall some ntghts
ejto and borrowed a portion of said stock, but Twomey didn't know it un
til Cricf of Police Kcmpton informed hira of the burglarly yesterday.
DAILY EDITORIAL GROWL
It is remarkable how consistently it seems to be the case that the edi
tor in a coEamucity is the man in that community least qualified for the job.
AMERICAN LEGION MASCOT
VOL. I.
BISBEE, ARIZONA
No. 2
NEWS NOTES OF
EWBLEPOST
All ex-service men in the Warren
District who have not yet been invited
out to Christmas dinner, or who are
not giving Christmas dinners of their
own, are invited to be the guests of
Bisbee lodge No. ,67, B. P. O. Elks at
the Yuletide board on Christmas aft
ernoon. Ex-service men in the dis
trict intending to attend the Elks'
feast are requested to turn in iheir
names to Dan Anguis, commander of
L. A. Engle, Jr. Post; or to Ed Hicks,
post adjutant.
SMILE WITH US
Ed Lawrenson, athletic instructor
and coach of the Bisbee high school,
is organizing a basketball team of the
local legion men, in preparation for a
series of games with the team of
the Douglas post. A challenge for the
series of games was received from the
Douglas post at last week's meeting of
the Bisbee ex-service men. Lawren
son has some good material to work
with, and hopes to get together .1
team which will give the Douglas le
gion players a wann argument.
The new instruments for the legion
band have arrived in Bisbee. Prof, j
McRae, leader of the band, will an-:
nounce a schedule of meetings for
practice in the near future. There!
are more than 30 pieces in the band
and with their brand new instruments
the musicians of Engle Tost expect to
treat the Warren District to some real
harmony this winter.
SHRAPNEL
How tickled the Yanks in Germany
must be at the prospect of pushing
farther into Fritzie-land.
That artists' post of the American
Legion in Paris ought to "draw" quite
a gathering. Help!
Who used up all the sugar we didn't
get while in the service? 1
i
Toledo ex-service men had enough
"riding" in the service not to mind
the earless days there.
Sausage workers on strike a dog
gone shame! ' j
We used to call them pro-Germans
during the war. Now they're just '
Reds.
Senator Moses, who started the ru-'
mor the president was no longer him-'
jself. must feel like an overcoat on a
hot day sort o' unnecessary. !
How is your tin hat flower pot get
ting along? j
night dances have become a popular
weekly feature of the winter social
season in the Warren district, and the
attendance at them is steadily increas-,
ing as a result of the ideal brand of
hospitality offered bytthe legion men. '
At last Saturday night's dance nearly
100 couples were present. 1
NO WONDER HE COULDN'T
The old man was applying at the
eye hospital for some spectacles, and
the doctor was making a test of his
eyes.
A card was fixed on the wall a lit
tle distance away from where the old
man was sitting and the doctor asked
him:
"Can you read that, my man?"
"No, sir," said the old man, "I
can't."
The doctor told him to go nearer.
"Well, can you read it now?"
Again the old man replied: "No,
sir." '
The doctor angrily pulled him for
ward till his nose almost touched the
placard.
"Well, can you read it now?"
"No, sir," said the old man, badly
shaking his head. "You see, sir, 1
never learned to read."
THE OFFICE MISANTHROPE SAYS
j President Wilson may have succeeded in calling off the coal strikt, but
j the men are so' far behind in their, work that winter will be ,over before any
! of the coal gets 'to Bisbee.
LIES OF T H ED A Y
! AMERICAN doesn't need a navy.
America doesn't need a navy..
Your landlady told you it would be all right to let the rent go another
week.
Jesse Yoakum i3 a juan of leisure.
Tombstone Canyon residents don't appreciate the increased car service.
o
Everybody who buys ammunition 01 any description must get a written
permit from Judge Allison, It's a government order. Everytime a shot is
fired the 'judge should be able to say "That's So and So," and tlu-n tell us
whether the shooter is a Bolshevik or not.
o
But, as the rifleman said, "The country mjy be dry but I'm still getting
my shots," .
o
It's not likely that mrny anarchists will get a written permit to buy a
case of bombs.
He I'll bet you a kiss on the next
presidential election.
She Isn't there any election before
that? Boston Transcript.
Speaking of shooting we might tell this one, overheard back or the
Grand Theatre:
"I'll shoot you to feed my baby," the voice was pleading rather than
threatening. We hesitated in our tracks, expecting to hear the report of a
r.i:n and see the assailant run from his victim.
"Jes' you sit up on th" snake eyes, ah say, dice," a second voice urged.
The nwe moved on to the tune of "Come on seven or ah'H take eleven."
Of course,' that's another kind of shootfng.
o
HOME HINT FROM HELEN HUNT
Don't throw away your egg mixer. There may e another day when
you'll be able to use it.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
L. A. Engle Jr. Post will give its
regular weekly dance in Haze hall
next Saturday night. These Saturday
Although Engle Post has long en
joyed the position of being the largest
post of the American Legion in the
state of Arizona its membership is !
steadily increasing. A number of new '
members were added this week.
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
His gay young wife showed hint the
pictured advertisement of a very
short and ery skimpy bathsuit. "You
might let me have the money, John,"
he said.
'I can't consistently, my
said he.
"Why not?"
"I'm a man of modest means.
Boston Transcript.
REMAINS HERE
d'-'ar,
-Kos-
A Christmas Eve dance is anions
1 11 1 - .
euciai leaiures upon which ine 10- j
cal features upon which the local le
gion is planning during the present
month.
Turning Back the Calendar
j Seventeen Years Ago In Bisbee
(From the Bisbee Daily Review of Thursday, December 11, 1902)
The first passenger train from El
Pa3o over the El Paso and Southwest
ern pulled into the local depot yester
day evening at 6:0:2 o'clock. Although I
another railing in with the consent of
Joe Muhcm. who owns the building.
Misses Charlotte Barker and Mag
gie Akard accepted positions in the
the train received a rousing send off Copper Queen stare yesterday.
in El -Paso there were scarcely more!
than ten people at the depot to see it j J. S. Williams has completed a fine
come in j brick residence lor George Meyer on
Railroad avenue.
News reached here from Cochise
I that Urbano Valdez fired three shots' About the first of next year James
j at another Mexican by the name of'Itson w'll tear clown hi3 one-story
1 I'npino Kodngucs without, it alleged
j iiny warning or known niotivt-l Two of
the shots toili effect ou the victim and
he died the next morning.
The stairs near the Kevicw 01'ficc
claimed another victim when William
building on Main street and will
build a modern two-sfory business
structure in its pla'v. He predicts
population of "lO.tioo people for Bisbee.
Scott Whalcy returned yestdday
from Tombstone.' He says that Toiub-
Harris pitched headlong and was stone people are foolish enough to bc-
knocked unconscious for over livejlicve that their city will soon have a
hours. The city has piouii.scd to put; larger population than Bisbee.
YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKE
Bake your Christmas finit cake
now-
With eggs the price they are and
sugar the somewhat minus quantity it
is, the housekeeper ue: ds all her wits
and tact to nut!;- possiile the usual
yuletide cakes and coo'ii'.s. She must,
save sugar in order 10 make I hem and
keep her family good natuied with
promises of good things to come.
Though your fruit cake should be
baked now, the cookies may be made
Christmas week. A bog of these hit
ter with a slice or two of fruity cake
makes a toothsome remembrance to
send a friends. Somebody else's cook
ies always taste so much better thau
your own
Also it's nice to have a set of cookie
cutters in fancy shapes. The kiddies
love birds and pussies and fishes and
Christmas stars. And don't forget
these saine can be made wonderfully
realistic if you use little black cur
rants for eyes while tiny slice:; ot cit
ron makes a perfectly good mouth and
nose.
And now I want to call your special
attention to my recipe for Christmas
fruit cake. It calls for neither ggs
nor butter. And it's perfectly deli
cious, honestly. Mine is already bak
ed and hidden away most carefully
from the big man at our house, lie
says this cake is as great a tempta
tion as Eve's apple was to Adam, and
that as sure as ever he found it he
would "fall"- So 1 have to keep it
hidden until Christmas when he ccr-
try wvrie
r - 1 J " ! I
lV- W-x J
1 )
b vs- H
I As 1
J . fill I
I " W ' 1 1 1
- - - - - - 3"- . VIm
WASHINGTON Upon completion
of her duties as delegate to the Inter
national Labor'Conferencc, Prof. Mun
di Beruardi of Home. Italy, has taken
up the study of war camp community
service in this couiury.
Uiinly does fall for it to the last
crumb
Here is the recipe. It makes three
lamge sized loaves that, packed in an
air light tin box will keep indefi
ntely. POKK KIll'lT CAKE
1 pound fat salt pork
2 cups boiling water
2 cups brown sugar
1 cup molasses
2 teaspoons each cloves, nutmeg
and allspice
4 teaspeons cinnamon
2 cups raisins
2 cup citron
1 cup currants
2 cup nuts
1 cup candied figs
1 cup dates
'2 cup candied cherries
I 2 cup candied pineappi;
cup candied orange pet
cup crystaliied ginger
',4 cup canned fruit juice
3 teaspoons baking powe'er
7 cups flour
lie-move rind and the lean meat from
salt pork. Chop fine ynd pour over
the boiling water. Adu s.u;ar, mo-las.-
es, spices and . fruit juice. Mix
baking powder with flour. Chop cit
ron and figs and cut the rest cf the
fruit into small pieces. Add flour and
fruit to mixture. Turn into deep, but
ter and floured bread rans and when
cool wrap in oiled taper and keep in
tight tiu box until needed.
Here's the season's greetings to
you! May your Christmas fire ourn
bright, but not so hot as to burn jrour
cake.
USEFUL CHRISTMAS GIFT.
A thoroughly practical and useful
gift which is always timely is a gar
ment cover. This may be made of
a plain color or of flowered cretonne,
shaped at the top to fit a banker,
and with a straight, gathered niece
I hanging full length. This piece is
open at the bottom, to bo f listened
I with several clasps.
! A hanger, the hook or which is cov
j ercd with ribbon, comes through a
' hole in the top of the cover. A large
I lwvt,.- rf tli. L'.,ni -iKli,,n mgv he tied
T 'l 1111: ocilllT 1 luuvii .......
about the hook, as a bit of trimming.
HrS ONLY CHANCE
"She'll have to. Nobody ever pays
ing lessons."
"She'll have to. Nobody d ever pay
her for tl.eiu," London Am.wtrs. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11,1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE
-IN THE
ALU
WORLD
RE
OF
SPORT
i
t
1
1
I
i
I
1
"
1
4
1
1
i
t
FEATH I I T GONG IN
CDNTES
THE SOUTHWEST IN BISBEE RING
TONIGHT'S PROGRAM
Danny Kramer vs. Ralph Lincoln
Bob Collins vs. Bit lie Johnson.
Tony Ochoa vs. Kid Bruno.
Battling Herrera vs. Kid Griffo.
The last work-outs for what has
been described by the sporting writers
of the state as perhaps the best boxing
card to be arranged in Arizona for
months and one which will e settle defi
nitely a championship for the south
west, were held at the Grand theater
yesterday afternoon when Ralph Lin
coln and Danny Kramer put on the
finishing touches tor their battle to
night. The work oil conditioning was
witnessed by nearly z. hundred spec
tators who were impre.s.d as much
by the cleverness and experience of
Lincoln in his training stunts as by
the wonderful physical development of
Kramer.
Both boys are in the pink of condi
tion. Their . workouts were made
smoothly and speedily. They are ready
to step out from the first tap of the
gong. . O. S. French, manager of the
club, announced yesterday that the
advance sale of tickts has been great
er than that for any other bill pre
sented by the club with indications
that the card will be witnessed by the
largest gathering of fans ever assem
bled in the Grand theater.
Bank'ng on the results of their
last fight, the fans of the district are
inclined to favor Kramer in the
ting, although not by any great mar
gin. Lincoln's ability to hit, his
knowledge of the game, and the fact
that he has sampled Kramer's assort
ment of punches and has benefitted by
what he has learned, all go in his fa
vor, while Kramer's speed, ability to
hit hard with either hand, and willing
ness to bore in and take a punch, for
the sake of giving, have made him , judges will be announced at the ring
many friends, not only in Bisbee, but side. The referee for all bouts will
throughout the state, where the fight be Fred George, who is an experienced
is looked upon as the decisive battle third man. The announcer Tor the
for the featherweight championship of i bouts will be Deputy Sheriff George
the southwest, which has been held ! Henshaw and the timekeepers will be
by Lincoln until he lost on a foul to!Red" Gannon -and Chief of Police
Kra?iier a few weeks ago. The tenjKempton.
rounds tonight will make ring history I To jazz things along Hanager
in this part of the world.
f- ...... ..1.K ,Ka mnin u cn t ie '
ju a I-"' wnii me ma..! tTu-
the six-round semi-nnal Detween isoo
Collins, the husky heavyweight of the j
Briggs shaft and Billie Johnson, who
RANGER Reports have reaehed
here to the effect that the Sinclair
Gulf company has a showing In their
Hood county wildcat and that a good
well may be brought in at 4750 feet,
where the hole is providing a flew
sand with evidence of pay.
SHERMAN There is4 much excite
ment in this locality over the hope
that Grayson county will become a
field. The M. H. company believes
its No. 1 Anderson, one miles north of
Whiteboro, l.a sa showing sufficient
for bringing the well, probably as a
pumper.
WICHITA FALLS Pipeline runs
fell off about 3000 barrels during the
past week, l'.ad weather and roads are!.
believed the principal causes, al
though wells long on the sand are now
being brought in in many parts oi the
fields.
,.io-r, i,. ,.r.nrt.
c-d drilling in this field Friday. They
. i ., .i ii.fii
were iiirai ouuiuci u mm
. , nil
Jjaur.lgarner .o. J. ami namrum yu
.. . , t,..j .
company, nawK. io. i. tu -.
cold snap
cause.
and shortage of casing,
. i
SIIREVEPORT As ihe result of
formations encountered at
vin
Valley Oil company has decided
to
drill its Fee 1 in 7-1-9. Webster Par
ish, beyond contract depth of t'5W
feet. That level was reached Thurs-j
day with ony gas pockets having been ;
found near the present level on thei
advice of the company's geologist the
hole will be suuk 250 feet lower, pro
vided pay Is not found higher up.
.The Minclen Petroleum company has
likewise determined to go beyond the
contract depth in its well in section
8-19-8. Completion of an SOOO-barrcl
well, Oakes No. 11, in Hfction ;;0-21-7
lillilutifl Oil i-niiinunv u:l4 u ri-
U) lliv uji". ' 1 j
nounced today. Pay was fouud at the!
deep structure at -'OO'J feet. At the!
!..:.. r-:r o . . t
name time in'j iouisuwiu ui uu n
lluing corporation ompleted its
Jackscm No. 5 in 24-21 8, making 1000
barrnls from 1355 feet. She Gilliland
company alos got a 400 barrel produc
er from 1212 feet in its Jackson 2 in
24-21-8 while the Iouisiana Oil and
Refining corporation likewise got a
small well making i!00 barrels at 109S
feet In the same location. Drilling in
section 24, Homer Union fields, Louis
iana, has begun, according to a tele
gram received froui Wilson C. Porter-field,
DAILY ON. NOTES
TFORCHlPIOiSIIPOF
comes to Bisbee from AiKansas, and
who appears to be just the kind of a
scrapper that is liable to knock Col
lins' fistic aspirations into a cocked
hat. Johnson is fast, well built and
experienced. He is in good condition
and is supremely confident that he
can make the big miner take the short
end of the string when the decision is
rendered. But and this big but
Collins has a wallop like the swing of
an eight-pound hammer.
Kid Bruno who fought George
Burns of Lowell here three weeks ago,
will meet Tony Ochoa of Tucson in a
preliminary. Bruno,' who hails from
Douglas, has a beautiful left swing,
which, with the headwork which the
little Scrapper showed in his last bout
here, should bring results. Ochoa is
known as an extremely fast and cleve:
fighter.
The curtain raiser will be full of
action, if of nothing else. Battling
lse. Battling Herrera is a good na
tured fighter, who is not feazed by a
punch on the jaw, and who has a wide
swing that brought the fans to their
feet more than once when he mixed
with Kid Shea on the last program.
Jiis initial fight made him a favorite
with Warren district fans. Kid Griffo
has been training under the direction
of Frank Loughrey, matchmaker for
the Bisbee Athletic club. ,
For the convenience of the men who
are coming off shift in the afternoon,
bet-'and also because of the fact that an
unprecedented sale of seats is antici-
I pated, tickets for the card will be on
sale at the Grand theater at 3 o'clock
l this afternoon.
As has been the practice of the Bis-
i bee Athletic club, the decision in each
fight fill be rendered by two judges,
or, in the case of a disagreement be
tween these, by the reieree. The
French has arranged for a.number of
oil anl inna T-i ttiA Plchaa T'J77 nrnhpe. 1
j
ira, vocal soios, xyiopnone seieciiona
by Joe Berggren and mass singing by
the spectators.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. American
league baseball club owners, flanked
by a squad of attorneys, battled for
some hours today in their annual
meeting, and when the session ended
President B. B. Johnson was surround-
ed by a new board of directors favor
able to his policies. The insurgent
clubs were outvoted on every propo -
sition, but went down fighting and
serving summonses which promise to
carry the disputed points into court
where- final decisions may not be
reached for months.
A resolution to elect a new presi
dent in in place of Johnson was de
feated, five to three. The new board
of directors consisting of Frank Na
vin, Ben Minor, Washington; Thomas
Shibe, Philadelphia, and P. D. Ball of
St. Liouis, was
elected by the same
vote, ana ;avin seiecieu as me mem-:
,,.,
dent. The Cleveland. St. Louis. Phila-
- ------ . -
delnhia. Washington and Detroit clubs
. " , , t. ..
VOling 111 Hie ailiniUlUVe aUU me 1U-
ton, Chicago and New York clubs ;
I against. A resolution to play a sched-1
- . . . ... i nton . i.l.,..tl.
Ulc ul ' '
ail the DaseDau Dusiness transacieu
from the standpoint of the average
follower of the game.
FRECKLES AND HIS
JOHNSON RULES
TOE AMERICANS
TU lOfcA Or VOO GOiNG-
CUTCU GGIMC? M0MtY NOW
TUAT T5 Til
I C0 TO sirr CM
frjt-rt ucw S'OKCY Sou
4
..sr wm
Ralph Lincoln, one of the fistic favorites of the south
west, who angles with Danny Kramer of Bo3ton at the
Grand theatre tonight. Lincoln lost his first bout to Kram
er on a foul, and the bout tonight will settle definitely the
question of superiority between the two clever featherweights.
m n " i
I ' ' ' 'I
f " 1 f $r J
0 A . si " I 1
1 ' ft i
SPORT TIPS OF
Russell Chambers, the Douglas wel
terweight, has been matched to box
Ekldie Johnson ten rounds in Safford
on Christinas day. Johnson was
awarded a decision over Frankie' Fov
ser, the fast El Taso middleweight, in
Silver City, N. M., on Septemoer 30,
- ,
.ana is expected to give cnambers a
tough battle.
O. S. French yesterday received
cards frcm Johnny Celmars, the wel
terweight who won a large following
in his bouts with Chambers and
Loughrey here, stating that Celmars
will box "Stockyards" Tommy Murphy
in loieao, unio, tomorrow nignt. .
Articles were prepared yesterday
for the Christmas bout between Kid
Palmer of Douglas, welterweight
champion of the United States army,
and Frank Loughrey, the local boxer,
to be staged in the open air arena at
Warren park in the afternoon. Palmer
and Loughrey will box ten rounds at
catch weights. Palmer left Douglas
yesterday morning for Tucson, where
the boxes Colima Friday night. Clyde
! Branuin, Palmer's manager, will take
in the boxing card in Bisbee tonight,
continuing to Tucson the next day.
Arrangements have bene virtually i
completed for a six round bout be
tween Johnny Meyer, the local welter,
diivi i I rilling i r. oiin-ii ei.o, aji A ' ' v i. . ti t
event on Promoter Frenchls Christ-!
mas day card in Warren park. Des
marais was recently defeated in ten
I rounds by Happy Woods and a bout
! between him and Meyer will give the
local fans an idea of how .Meyer
I , , 1 , 1 ,
would have stacked up against Wood
, ... ,, , .
; in the bout which was cancelled by
nuww uciau.ir ii iumcu rj".
Promoter O. S. French, Matchmaker
tVml.. T ..:iirl.r.i ..n.l T'.l... T-.....'. ...A,.
' "
i wni iraie iuuiunu iui iuuku iu
take in the Palmer-Colima bout. John-
ny Meyer will meet Beaver of Yuma
FRIENDS
CiUTcW
) o4 m kat-
: rpr-r
LOCAL FIELI
in a six-ronnd semi-final on the Tuc
son boxing card.
" ' '
George Burns, the fast Lowell ,
featherweight, has left fior Pornand, 1
Ore., to spend the Christmas holidays
with relatives. Burns recently injur-.
ed his hand by driving a nail iDto it,
but says he will be ready to box again
on his return from the northwest.
Two wounded local boxers are plan
ning a return to the squared circle
about the first of the year. It will
be remembered that in the August
boxing card in Warren park Johnny
Hughes injured his shoulder in a bout
with Kid Walthour. A few' days later!
Walthour broke his nose while work
ing out with Russell Chambers.
Hughes announcer yesterday that he
will be looking for matches by Jan
uary 1, and by a coincidence, a mes
sage from Walthour In Douglas yes
terday stated that he will also be in
shape to re-enter the ring by that
date. The Hughes-Walthour bout here
in August was a draw.' .
1 j
r j
l j
By Fred Turbyville
Things are looking up for
match
between Europe's 'bet. and
Jack
Denipsey with the world's, heavyweight.
Htlr
ufclt
at slake. Before the French-
I man and the Briton stepped into the
! ring iit London the other night there
w;3 much ridiculing the idea that the
champion of the old world could pos-
GARPENTIER TO
?m nrnRrv
u m. UL UL
I CTirrOlTT!
u rrufl l
sibly be a match for Denipsey. The j Frank Goddard, the giant English
idea brought much criticism from j man. hit Beckett as hard as ho
' ring fans, fighters and experts on this'
No Visitors
1L 1 1 il - .r: !
Danny Kramer, the Boston whirlwind who has a de
cision over Ralph Lincoln, featherweight champion of the
southwest, and who will try to make that decision a solid
one tonight at the Grand theatre when he meets Lincoln
in a return bout.
J v
4-
f
t '
- ' v -a f
BY RAZZ BERRY
Georges the Carp. proved no fish
for Mr. Beckett.
He didn't even give the Tuxedos a
thance to get wrinkled. Tne fans CaI1
t,. .,.
T v 11. V li .J UH UCAl suuw n 1111UUI
an extra pressing.
Lot of aerial bombs ploughing
through the heavyweight atmosphere
these days-.
Coal shortage causes curtailment of
j club and parlor cars. How can the
i baseball magnates travel about th
country in day coaches?
Georges Carpentier works like Bob
Martin. He arises Trom his chair at
the sound of the bill, advances swiftly
to the center of the ring, lets fly a
human shaft and listens to tw c'uetrs
of the multiutude. When Georges and
Bob let fly at the same time there
either will be two sets of busted
knuckles or a double knockout.
side. No one entertained any idea ,
but that sucn a bout would be a little should be able to hit hard and we
short of murder with Jack Dempseyjail know that Eddie McGoorty carries
thrown into the cast in the role ofia mean punch in either hand. But
slayer.
Well, it doesn't look like such an '
easy think now. Carpentier beat !
Beckett with one- smash a v. icked
straight out i-riA with the force at his'
straight our snc! with the force at his
command behind it. ' Previously he
lu-.d led with a hard left and followed
it up with two more of the same var-
iely. But it was that mighty right
which sent Beckett to 'the land of
dreams.
There never was any argument as
to the boxing ability of the French
man. He was known the vorld over
as a very clever man with his' mitts.
But they always said ho. couldn't hit.
Doesn't the qnick knockout of Beck
ett prove he can hit?
could. Eddie McGoorty hit him man? i
Allowed
X
.1
1
4
1
'J
Winter has Settled over the land,
but the baseball factions refuse to dig
in and consolidate their positions.
They're still very much-on the offen
sive offensive to the" public.
The situation is fraught with se
rious possibilities, as an enthusiastic
winter league chronicler intent on fill
ing several columns might say.
The wires will now be congested j
with the bidding of the promoters who i
expect to land a Dempsey-Carpentier i
bout, those who hope to land it and
those who neither expect nor hope to
land the bout, but merely want to
have their names mentioned
those present.
among I
Tex Rickard probably will be among j
those present. Tex is the fellow who '
hired Ollie Pecord to act as referee at
Toledo; he is the one who had Major
Liddle and his kn.fe-throwing Marine
m the ring; he is the one who pur- j
chased a gong that the fighters and
referee couldn t hear. 1
I
times. A man of Goddard's type j
Beckett wasn't feazed by either of i
there two men. He weathered thai
bpst they had i.nd then put them out;
'ith punches of his own making.!
Beckett was never heralded as aj
c bearcat on defense. His defense was '
iihis own hitting power. He never hadjni; champion, knocked out Mel Coo
a chance to hit Carpentier. :
The v, ire stories of the Londoa
fight describe the Frenchman's hitting
in emphatic phrases. He "landed
blows with enormous strength." And I
"amid absolute stillness most of tha
spectators could hear the terrific,
crack of the swing that put Beckett j
to sleei'. The knockout punch is de-,
scribed thusly: "The Frenchman
3L-v-l'iv-'-1 lUVJV cunt lltV. 11 ivi " uiu cw- ,
... . . . .. . ,
with all his strength and the full
!
weight of his body swung his right j
to the Englishman's jaw."
S ri IT
- .'' V.4r.VjiU
mi -
w, v.".
OVER THE STATE
SPORT CIRCUIT
A FAIR EXCHANGE
The Tucson Citizen has the follow
ing to say regarding the Kramer-Lincoln
bout in this city on the night of
December 11:
Both Bisbee and Tucson rans arc
to be congratulated cn the circum
stances which changes the cards, re
sulting from Happy Woods 'inability
to meet Johnny Meyer in Bisbee. The
bout between Danny Kramer and
Ralph Lincoln will prove far better
than the one between Woods and
Meyer. The fact that Jonnny Meyer
comes to Tucson operates to increase
the interest in the next card here. It
is not intended to intimate that the
bout between Woods and Meyer would
not have proven interesting, but it
looked easy for Happy and none can
say that of the mill between Lincoln
and Kramer. It is predicted when
Lincoln and Kramer meet, it will be
a clean and violent argument. Lincoln
is determined to wipe out the defeat
and criticism which resulted from the
last bout between the two and he will
Probably be in better condition. His
rest on the coast has done him a world
of good and he looks 50 per cent bet
ter than at hiB last ttcrap. Kramer
is also going better. He showed
stronger against Dillon than against
Lincoln and Bisbee fans will see one
of the best bouts that has even been
pulled off in Arizona. Johnny Meyer
and Kid Beaver will add considerably
to Shannon's card. Beaver fought a
defensive fight against Moss, but
those who watched him closely know
that it was not through the lac of
aggressive spirit. Moss ia too old a
hand and too dangerous to rush and
Beaver not only showed good judg
ment but he fought the fight just as
it should have been fought. He will
probably be abel to mix matter with
Johnny and his speed, a boxing skill
matched against Johnny's ruggedneas
should make a good battle.
T
Colima-Palmer Friday night
TUCSON. Dec. 'J. Bert Colima.
who meets Kid Palmer here Friday
night, .arrived in Tucson this morning
j and will work out with Kid Beaver at
j the M. and M. club this afternoon at
I 3 o'clock. Colima reported that he is
: in the best of condition arid will re
quire but a lew paces eacn uay xo
keep himself in his usual trim.
This will be the first appearance
of Colima in an Arizona ring since
I his bout with Happy Woods in Yuma,
in which Colima was victor. Bert
i seems to have taken on a little weight
since tnen and has been going good
on the coast. He has as many knock-
uots to his credit as any four rounr
boy in -the country and is a powerful
slugger.
Qr twQ He ,a u.d to do
of his trajni at Uouglai.t bul
fce here ,a Ume tQ iye the fjms
a ei ht of him before he climbs
u i. w . iiwi
through the ropes to get neighborly
with Colima, the night of the battle.
Fans expect this bout to be a good
one, and Art Shannon, the promoter,
is confident that it will be a big draw
card. LEONARD BEATS COOGAN
JERSEY CITY. N. J.. Dec. 10. Ilen-
m- Leonard, world's lightweight box-
gan of Brooklyn in the second round
of a scheduled eight round mate h at
I the Fourtli regiment armory tonight.
Leonard weighed 137 and ris opponent
112 pounds.
i
GREENLEAF LEADS
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 10. E. R.
Uit viiircu, uir j cuii vtitiuiitfitiui, 'ir i.
pluyer. tonight won his sixth straight
.
ga.iie l.'i the national American pocket
, . .....
billiard tournament, defeating James
Maillrn nonwr. lsr. io fi.r r.rppnieaf
! has not lost a game.
BY BLOSSER
Ei;i- y "
y m
J PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, DECEMBER . 1 9 1 9
Detroit Exclusive
Set Hard Hit In
Newberry Scandal
DETROIT, Dec. 9. Indictments for
conspiration in connection with the
election ot United States Senator
Truman H. Newberry ot Michigan,
Michigan, extended into Detroit's ex
clusive Grosse Pointe millionaire colony.
Senator Newberry, multi-millionaire
4
I
was secretary of the navy under
Roosevelt, ' and formerly a lieutenant
commander of the navy. A director in
several banks and president of a num
ber of large manufacturing concerns,
Newberry is petaaps the best known
Detoit man with the exeption of Hen
ry Ford, his opponent in the senator
rial race.
Allan A. Templeton is wealthy. Like
Senator Newberry he lives in Grosse
V-
V -if
V
if 3
X -X'
Pointe. He Is president of the De
troit Board of Commere, and head of
the Detroit Seamless Steel Tube com
pany. He was Newberry's 'campaign
manager.
Paul H. King, referee In bankruptcy
for the eastern district of Michigan,
E s j
1
I
1 '
nmia J ir i Ti k V....- ... 1
was an ardent Newberry supporter.
Before his appointment to the present
office, following the ilewberry elec
tion. King was receive- for the Pere
Marquette railway and partner of
Mark McKeen, another Detroit law
jer. named in the indictments. As a
boy lie was a senate page.
Charles A. Floyd of Grand Rapids
and Detroit, was secretary of the New-
FT'
If
9 fT- s
I
-Z' y I 1
Iff"-,-
-J m
jf
berry campaign. He is a young busi
ness mr.n with residence In Grosse
Pointe.
K - . x ' J "
Franw Plalr, president of the Union
Trust company, is imputed to be a mil
loonalre and is one of Michigan's most
prominent bankers.
Advekture-s
of the: twins
hy Olive Robert.? Barton.
Ed
What the Brownies Did
Nancy and Nick asked the flowers and the threes, the
grass and animals and birds about Jocko, but although some
were sure they had seen his red coat and others thought they
had seen Jiisjlonc; tail, nobody was sure they had seen him
all, or which' way he had gone. So the twins wandered on
and finally they came to a very queer place in the woods
where there were some big stones and a lot" of dried up mud.
"It looks, ' said Nick, sitting down on one of the stones,
"something like a creek. Only it isn't a creek. There's no
water." ,
And then suddenly the stone began to talk. "There was
vater here once," it said sadly. "I was' right in the middle
of the loveliest little brook you ever saw. And the minnows
hid under me, and the crabs, too, and once even a big turtle
adopted me for his home."
"What happened then?' cried Nancy curiously.
"Some brownies gave a swimming party one moonlight
night last week and needed a lake, so they made a dam of
moss and dirt, and when they went home they forgot to take
the dam away. And now the poor little brook is running
loose all over the place. It can't get back home.'
And the stone heaved a great sigh which almost rolled
Nick off.. ' ' .' -'r-?-'W
Nancy clapped her hands. "Why, we can fix that," she
cried, "can't we Nick? We'll get the dam out of the way for
you and the brook can come back.
Soon they were digging away for dear life at the moss and
dirt the brownies had left, and the little brook, laughing and
crying, rushed back to its old home among the stones; and
everybody was happy again.
And the brook promised to let the children know if it saw
anything of Jocko. ' , .
CHILDREN MO URN ANGELS
TJ? ,
NETW YORK. While they are mourning the death by execution of
their father, General Felipe Angeles, these four children are confronted
with the problem of how to break the news to their sick mother. They came
here from El Paso for safety. The daughter, who is the oldest, is 22, and
the youngest son, at extreme right is 20.
Stop Jailbreak By
Phoenix Prisoners
PHOENIX, Dec. 9. Officials of the
sheriff's office here believed today
an attempted jail break ' had been
frustrated when a search of cells in
the county jail revealed several saws
and a number of knives among the
prisoner's effects. The jail was
crowded with prisoners. Four were
THURSDAY
DEC. 11
SALE OF FANCY WORK
AND DRESSED DOLLS
MUIR'S MUSIC STORE
Fidelia Girls and Baptist Ladies
taken to the state prison at Florence,
including Ira Richards and J. W.
Shelton, the aged homesteaders who
were sentenced to 20 and 10 years,
respectively, on conviction of mur
der in connection with the killing of
Ustacio Espinosa, December J.
ROBUST CHILDREN
A child should not look pale,
thin or worn. Such condition
denotes malnutrition. To
keep up growth and robust
ness a child needs a plenitude
of food rich in vitamins.
SCOTT'S
EMULSION
abundant in growth-promoting
properties, is an ideal supple
mental food that could well be
a part of the diet of every
growing child.
Children always do well
on Scott's Emulsion.
tkott ft Bowo. UloomUrld. N. J. 19-13
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS 4
ALL CURB 8TOCr
North Tigre Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE .
JACK BLDQ.. MAIN 8TREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
. PROTECT YOURSELF
AND FAMILY .
Carry a Brotherhood of Amer
ican Yeomen whole life policy,
pays old age, total - disability
and accident. After investigat
ing you will say it is one of the
best policies written. See Mrs.
Elizabeth Groom. Yeomen State
Deputy, over Mrs. Finlayson's
Store, Johnson Ada., or phone
local correspoident. Red 384.
I
Soldiers Testify
At Court Martial
(Continued from Page One.)
tain Detzer, testified that he had
neverseen any prisoners struck.
In outlining his case for the de
fense, Lieut. Thomas Tefferman de
clared that a military police company
had to be organized at Lemans be
cause many complaints had been re
ceived from the French of "danger
ous criminals."
Attorneys Clash
He added that "the court is going
to see the type of men who gave the
A. .B. F. a black eye in France," and
men who had been removed from the
company by Detzer and who bore a
grudge. Time and again he clashed
With Major Wm. E. Kelly, judge ad
vocate, when he attempted to im
peach credibility of witnesses.
Captain Detzer appeared before the
court in uniform, wearing two gold
service stripes.
State Rallies
to the Guards
PHOEX1X, Dec. 10. Reporting
warm responses from all over the
state to his claims that Arizona
should reorganize its militia as a
second line of defense for the feder
al forces, State Adujant General
Walter S. Ingalls said tonight that
several of the leading cities of tho
states are actively organizing caval-
HAVE COLOR
CHEEKS
Be Better Looking TaKe
Olive Tablets
If your skin is yellow complexion
pallid tongue coated appetite poor-,,
you have a bad taste in your mouth
a lazy, no-good feeling you should
take Olive Tabbts.
. Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets a sub
stitute for calomel were prepared by
Dr. Edwards after 17 years of study.
Dr. Ed wards' OliveTablets are a purely
vegetablecompoundmixedwitholiveoiL
You will know them by their olive color
To have a clear, pink skin, bright eyes,
no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy like
childhood days you must get atthe cause.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act on.
the liver and bowels like calomel yeS
have no dangerous after effects.
They start the bile and overcome con
stipation. Millions of boxes are sold
annually at 10c and 25c. Take one or
twonichtlyandnotethepleasingreiiults.
ry or artillery units and that he an
ticipates the formation of a regiment
within a short time.
The adjutant general returned to
day from a ten days' official trip in
southern Arizona, his trip including
visits in Bisbee, Tombstone, Tucson,
Douglas, Globe and Safford. Safford,
according to the adjutant general,
has made most progress to date and
probably will lead the state with a!
troop of cavalry. Douglas is reported
working hard for a troop, Tucson is
recruiting.
"OUCH! THAT OLD
RHEUMATISM!"
Just get out that bottle of
Sloan's Liniment and
'knock it fealley-west"
,ii r
w
EREN'T prepared for that
quick switch in temperature, m
were your Lelt you stin, sore. -
full of rheumatic twinges? j
You should have had a bottle of j
Sloan's Liniment handy that would
have soon eased up the muscles, quieted :
the jumpy, painful, affected part
penetrated without ',fbing, bringing
gratifying relief. J
Helpful in all attacks of lumbago,
sciatica, external soreness, stiffness,
strains, aches, sprains. Get a bottle
at your druggists. 35c, 70c., $1.40.
JUST RECEIVED
A Car of Phoenix
ORANGES, GRAPEFRUIT, LEMONS
The finest fruit we have seen this sea
son from Salt River Valley.
AT YOUR GROCER
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
JUST RECEIVED
JAPANESE PAGODA FULL OF GIFTS
Be Sure and See This Display
A GIFT FOR EVERYONE NOTHING OVER $5.00
" An Exceptional Chance for a Useful Present
,
250,000 cars have
faulty brakes
THERE are 250,000 automobiles
in use in public streets and roads
whose brakes are in a dangerous
condition a quarter of a million cars
which are a positive menace to every
motorist and pedestrian.
Make sure of your car by timely inspection.
Don't wait for an emergency. Then it may be
too late. It is your duty to know positively before
you take your car out of the garage, that your
brakes will hold and stop your car instantly.
Why Thermoid Brake
Lining is safest and
wears longest
If your brakes need relin
iv.j, your carafe man will
tell you so. Have him in
spect them without delay.
SPCCO
PGR HOUR
In each square inch of Thermoid Brake Lining
there is 40 more material than in ordinary
brake lining. This additional body gives a closer
texture which is made tight and compact by hy
draulic compression under 2,000 lbs. pressure.
In addition to this, Thermoid is Crapnalized,
an exclusive process in manufacture which en
ables it to resist moisture, oil and gasoline. J
Have your brakes inspected to-day. Remem
ber that every foot of Thermoid is backed by our -
guarantee: Thermoid will
make good or WE WILL.
Will your car do this ?
-54 .---Siift:
TITTrr
W8 fir
-jji ir.-
Ihermoid Rubber lompant
Factory and Main Off ic: Tranton. N. J.
New York, Philadelphia, Boston,
Pittsburgh. Cleveland. Detroit,
Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago,
London, Turin, Paria
Canadian Distributor:
The Canadian Fairbanks-Morse Com
pany, Limited, Montreal
Branche in all principal Canadian
Cltl9
This chart has been worked out bv leading automobile
engineers. It shows how ouickly an automobile going
a; various speeds, should be able to stop if the brakes
are efficient.
Kermdic3 Brake Li mag
Hydraulic Compressed
Makers of "Thermoid-HarJy Universal Joint ," and "Thermoid Crolide Compound Tire" EAGE SEVEN
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11,1919
THE BISBEE D A 1 L X R-EX i E
1
REVI EW WANT ADS
.Advertisement under this head re at the rate of 1 cent per word Tor
atci Ireertion, with a minimum charge .of 25 .cents. No ade will be
elved Uker than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken ever h -telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE 'Why don't you con; in
when you want a new car or good,
used car. I have some used ca.a in
fine 6hape. You can purchase any
kind of car on very easy term. V.
L. Smart, Lowell Auto Co., Chevro
let dealers. Phone 34.
1891-12-12
FOR SALE Milch cow; now fresh, 5
gallons per day. Box 466 or phone
162. 18S6-1247
FJOU SALE Furniture 3 rooms, com
pleto. privilege of renting house,
$16.oj, a bargain if taken at once.
Little red house top of steps across
from fire department No. 2."
17S9-1M1
FOR SALE Plymouth hotel; cheap
if taken at once. 1850-12-11
FOR SALE) Fifteen-room house;
$300 down, balance same as vent.
162 Temby avenue. 1758-12-11
FOR SALE Cigar stand, lunch coun
ter and soft drink business. Apply
to S. K. Williams. 1827-tf
FOR SALE Restaurant, doing good
business. Box 3242, Lowell
1835-12-11
FOR SALE One 6 h. p. engine. Jklor-;
ris &. Fairbanks; new; never been!
used; u bargain. Mrs. M. T. Frush. I
1805-12-16 !
I.
FOR SALE Small restaurant doing
good business.
Answer to P. O.
Box 907
1705-12-12
FOR SALE Large safe, combination
strong box and bottom, n uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 1 1577-tf
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
" 1466-tf
FOR ?ALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at eec-J
ond band prices. United Loan And
Jewe!ry Co., Brewery 'Guloh.
A2S5-tf
OR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
.689-Stf-17
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR until you
sea us. We buy them running or
wrecked. Highest prices paid for'
metals, rubber, sacks, hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co.,
Lowell. Ariz. Phone 446. .' 1474-tf
FOR SALE Irrigated and irrigatable
farms and relinquishments In Sul
phur Springs valley. Write C. L.
Maben, Bisbee. 1818-12-13
FOR SALE-Practically new furni -
ture for 4 room house at once. L. '
E. Johnson, 47 J. E. T. street. John-I
son addition.
1858-12-12!
i
Wanted
Box
WANTED Work as waitress
2664. Phone Red 696. 1892-12-1
WANTED Room by two young ladies
close in. BBX. Review. 1884-12-12
WANTER $L'00; will give first mort
gage on Nogales property; good in
terest and good references. Address
. Box 1344. Bisbee. 1885-12-11
WANTED Two men .for room and
board; private family. 591?, O. K.
street.' 18S9-12-12
WANTED Twenly men to board and
room. Block house, tinder new man
agement, near Jiggerville bridge.
1879-1-4
WANTED Twenty men to board and
room. Block House, Jiggerville
bridge. Under new management.
1879 1 4
EXPERIENCED SALESMEN.
We manufacture and control exclu
sively a complete line of Art and
Commercial Calendars, Monthly Ad
vertising Service, and a wide range
of attractive, quick selling Special-
ties in Celluloid and Leather. Per -
manent year-round i mplo mcnt un-
oer a uoerai commission contract.
with remittances weekly. Experi
ence in our line not essential. 1920
selling season opens January first.
The oldest and largest house in the
advertising upecialty field Terri
tory available in Arizona. Please
give jirp, experience and references,
first lrtter. THE AMERICAN ART
WORKS, Cobhocton, Ohio.
1740-12 13
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Maid at ouoe, thorouchly
experienced,
nient.
Call Rex Anns Apart-
i oo-i.-ii.
WANTED-Chamberinald at Marx ho-
tel. Lowell; married woman and
husband; must live tn the house;
no thildirn. D. O. Neill.
185912-12
1 to the land above described, before
WANTED Chambermaid at .Copler w, a. Fowler. U. S. Commissioner, at
Queen Hotel. 1819-12-3-tf Tombstone. Arizona, on the HUi iIh.v
nvrr,17.T. 7. " 7Lif January, 1920.
WANTED '--"vs i sell papers on the . ..
street... Un of boy are making I f namea as witnesses.
bix money on the street evory 1 (leorgc Joseph MfCabe. Milton
morning by a few hours selling The Clark, Joseph Hammer, Edward Wil-
Bisbee U-iily lvt?w. The paper r
ready for you from 4 a. tn. "Th
Read the Daily Review Want Ad.
For Rent
FOR RENT Desirable three-room
apartment, clean and cozy. Mrs.
.Bell, Star avenue, brown bungalow
below concrete house, opposite
water tank. Moon car stop.
1794-12-14
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms with bath; no chil
dren. Mrs. E. J. Ikler, opposite T.
C fire station. 1790-12-13
FOR RENT 2-room furnished house
with sleeping porch. Mrs. Matt
Griggs, South Bisbee, phone Blue
817. 1791-12-17
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
Arizona Annex, Brewery Gulch.
Phone Blue 865. 1792-12-12
FOR RENT Front room, private fam
ily; use of bath and board if de
sired; no children. Box 1351, Bis
bee. 1887-12-16
FOR RENT Furnished sleeping
rooms; gas, heat. 76 Brewery Gulch.
178712-12
FOR RENT Three room nouse with
large level tenced in yard; chicken
house and place to keep car. 105
Moon avenue. 1788-12-1
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house, kitchen, sleeping porch. 5C
Brewery Gulch. Inquire Blunt's
Cleaning 6hoo. 188812-16
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms,
162 Temby avenue.
1757-12-11
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children. Anna Murphy,
218 High road. 1832-12-13
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near -depot. tf
FOR RENT Tjwo furnished house
keeping .rooms. 120 Upper Lowell.
1867-12-14
FOR -RENT 2 .housekeeping rooms.
31 Chvwson ave. 1764-12-10
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping -rooms back of 4etz Soda
works. 209 Bailey Hill. Arthur
Prouse. 1782-12-11
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms. Lights, water
and .gas. 163 Opera Drive. 1781-12-11
FOR -RENT Two furnished apart
ments; close in; Tombstone Can
yon. Bruce Parley, C -Q. Hotel
Bldg. 1842-1-4-tf
FOR KNT Furnished room wun a
gar?S' on b,ock from Warren
Pstofce. Phone Blue 475 or 175.
losw-ii-K
1V1 isceha ieoui
j FURNITURE repairing and refinish-
inz: euaranteed work nn-r 9?.na
I Bisbee. 1763-12-13
J CLOTHES BOUGHT,
j works.
CITY DYE
1681-12-26
TOR SALE Vi-liorae power, 60 eye'e,
220 volt induction motor. Biaj'-e
Daily Revief. 209-S-24-ttf
LEE WOMBLES, the small job con
tractor. Brick, stone, cement and
carpenter work. Phone oreen 822.
Box 887, Bisbee. 1569-12-18
I
1 F- E. HANCOCK, Signs. Thone 610.
Johnson addition.
1667-12-19
LEARN actual auto repair, vulcaniz
ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School. 11-tf
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wiecked or
tanning; also junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co..
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tf
MATERNITY HOME. Mason Hill,
consult your physician and call 573
'Black for terms, etc. 1718 12-12
,GOSSARD corset now sold at Norris
; Millinery Shop. Price 2.50 up; all
corsets fitted by Inez Warburton.
1876-12-20
Lost
LOST Tan driving glove, between
Allen block and Gilman's. Return
to Oilman's jewelry store, Bisbee.
17S6-12-12
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interion
!
zona, November 28, 1!U!).
NOTICE is hereby given
l hali
Charles . I-eslie Wilcox, ot Hereford,
Arizona, wno, on
January 5. V 15.
n,a,,c Homestead Entry. No. CJ04H..
for N'1z- y,(,,lon Township 2:5 S..
Ran'' 21K - - & y- u- & Mon.lian.
. nH! filed "fife of intention to make
i"'vc ear Proof, to establish elann
C(v u r Hereford. Arizona,
j l ntVIN
i
Register.
Tirbt publication Doc. 11. 1919.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. Dullness was
the most striking characteristic of to
day's stock market, the turnover of
605,000 shares representing the small
est total for a full session since the
summer months.
Very little time money came into
the market, interior banks using their
local reserves for -further purchases
of - mercantile paper.' Call money,
which opened at 7 per cent, advanced
to 10 per cent in the later dealings
but few loans were reported at that
rate.
Railroad executives were quoted as
expressing grave anxiety regarding
pending federal legislation unless ac
companied by the establishment of
credits in the form of government
guarantees.
The industrial situation was sum-
. mari sed by the Iron Age, which stated
that "the iron trade is fair with a
much more 6erious (coal) shortage
than that which has been a matter of
concern for weeks."
This condition was reflected In the
November statement of unfilled ton-
nage orders by the 'United States Steel .
corporation, which -disclosed an in-
crease of more than 650,000 tons, the
the largest gain of any month this
year. '
Stocks were most acte the final
hour. , .
The fcond market continued: to lose
ground, domestic and war issues eas-
ing with standard industrials and util-
ities. Sales, par value, aggregate $22,-
650,000. Old United States bonds
were unchanged on call. j
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. Lead, firm;
spot 96.00 7.00; zinc strong; spot
East St. Louis delivery, 8.458.95;
copper unchanged.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. Cotton clos-
ed at 34.65 with the general list clos-
ing steady at a net advance of 25 to
52 points.
L. J. OVERLICK, Broker
Closing Quotations December 10, 1919
NEW YORK STOCKS
American -Can 54
American Car - 139
Amprtcan Beet 94
American Smelters 65
Amrin i.tnseed 69A
American Locomotive 94
A1Hg 44
Baldwin Locomotive 106
Bethlehem Steel 94 Vs
Baltimore and Ohio 32
i 1 1 . 1 1 1 it 1 1 r i. v 1 1 1 1 . ,
1 1 i : r:r:rt 1 ?C
Perm 55
Central Leather 5)32
Crucible Steel 209 Vi
C. and O - 56
Dutch 100
General Motors 333
Great Northern pfd 7S
urcat iorcnern ure ovs
Industrial Alcohol 104
International Nickel 22
Maxwell Motors 37
Marine 49 Ya
Marine pfd 105
Mexican Petroleum xvi
New York Central 69
Northern Pacific SO1.;!
Oklahoma Products 9
Ohio Gas 50
Pan American x09
Pennsylvania 41
Piei-ce Arrow 79 Vi
Reading - 76
Republic Steel 106
" " 19.;r
Rubber 1-24
St. Paul o614
I Southern Pacific lOJVs
onC,la!li CnS in7f
Studebaker 10Vi
.Texas Pacific -
AA 5'
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
--0.
f'" 1-. 80'
L. S. rood . i
S Z r-.,
tvcsuuBUUusc z
NEW YORK COPPERS
Anaconda
-7
' '
'Butte
Chi no
Chili
Green Cananua
Inspiration
Miami
36
18
34
-v
Nevada 15V4
Old Dominion 34
Ray Cons i0
Utah Copper ?3
BOSTON COPPERS
Arc
Arizona Conil 13
Calumet and Arizona 63
C. and H 380
Copper Range
1U
Dalv West
3
vis Da.y
llvi
13
4
54
: East Butte
Frank
: (jranj,y
.Hancock
o-x
j Hclv
Keenenaw
:Lflkt.
May Old Colony
SU
Vz
oV4
7
58
15
IL'-
i Mohawk
n-
, Nortlj Butte.;.
' Nip ' 1
Xrw Cornelia
Osceola .
, . . ;
I'und Creek j-.
Quinry
-Roy, bid
"T"
7A
Shannon
Seneca
NEW YORK CLUBS
Amal Roy
LEASED WIRE
Aritex
Big Ledge ....
Con Copper .
Cresson Gold
Denn
Dundee
Gadsden
fl-16
4
2V4
25
-
3
: 4
Hecla
Howe Sound
Hull Copper 35
Jerome Verde
Kay Copper 1
Magma Copper 40
Magma Chief 40
Miami Cons 10
LIBERTY BONDS .
3-Vs - - 9.04
4's 99.06
3's : 99.58
First 4's 93.94
Second 4's rl.70
First 4', 4's - 94.16
Second 414 's - 92.10
Fourth 414's 97.10
CORN
December corn ; $1.43 ',i
December oats - 78
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
Bid
Argo 6
Big Jim 4
Gold Ore 3
Gold Dust 9
Gold Cliff j ::
Lucky Boy ..LI.... 5
Sunnyside 7
Telluride 18
Tom Reed 1.61
United Eastern ...i. 4.00
Red Lion .1.... ....
OTHER CURBS
Ask
12
6
8
24
4.05
20
Ask
2.25
37
75
50
40
2.75
37
5.25
1.60
25
4.75
45
1.00
! : . Bid
'Gadsden 2.00
GTeen Monster 25
iundee , j...... 50
jerome Verde ..! 37
; Magma Chief 37
! Wolv Arizona 2.50
Verde Combination 25
Night Hawk 5 0q
Kay copper 1.50
njorth Tigre - ...
' (jon Copper Mines 4.60
! Nacozari Consolidated 40
1 Feather River Copper.
i-.ji.--i
OIL STOCKS
Bid
.85
Asjt
1.00
.75
.85
Big 4
Duke of Dublin ...
Comanche Home
Comanche County ....
El Paso Ranger
1:00
.70
.5.00
.50
4.50
60
i Paso Burkburnett
'Jaggers Wallace
King S 3.50
"ceaa "
- ganger Central
1.50 1.60
2.25 2.30
1.35
.75
1.40
1.00
.40
.10
1.00
1.50
2.25
2.00
.70
.50
1.50
Silver Cycle
Texas Crude
U. S. Oil .
Bisbee Texas
1 Homer Union 1".. 1.35
Southwestern Dev
' First Issue 2.00
Second Issue 1.75
n o l upiwu .
Second option :-:-:v:-:,.
' f ""J
Legal Notices.
IN THE SUPERIOR ' COURT
In the County of Cochise, State of
Arizona.
No. 3543. ' "
Action brought in the Superior
i Court of the State of Arizona, in and
for the County of Cochjse, and the
Complaint filed in the said County of
.Cochise, in the office of the Clerk of
... .
, . ,:.,
t,,.q orot
I THE STATE OF ARIZONA SENDS
r-pp-VTTve
88' i Juana Reyes: You are hereby re
" 4 j quired to appear in an action brought
wftttiusjii juu- u; cue ujc u (i 4 u i' u let 1 11
it,n in the Superior Court of the
state or Arizona, in and for the Coun-
ty of t'00"'86' nnd to answer the com-
: nhiint filort tln.rin
within
twenty
; days (exclusive of the day of service)
after the service on you of this sum-
Inions (if served within the county,
otherwise within thirty days) or judg-
I nient by default will be taken against
you acocrding to the prayer of said
j complaint.
Given unrlpr jiiv liuml sinrl f)o ul
cf the Superior
Court of the State of
Arizona, in and for the County of Co
chise, this 6th day of November, In
the year of our Lord, one thousand
nine hundred and nineteen.
' Seal) J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
By H. 1. Johnson. Deputy Clerk.
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. . 1919.
i Survey No. :?555.
J Serial ... 04Ut!o.
', NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOH
; PATENT.
; iMiutH is nereuy given linn in pui-
simnee of the United States Mlntns
Laws. Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
i oilice address is I'.isbee. Arizona, nas
j made application for patent for 143o.fr
' Iiuer rt.i of Hiu Black Hawk i
j '..ile. 111).-, linear feet of I ho Black
Hawk No lode. 1495 linear feet Oi
the Ul.uk Hawk No. : lode. 1435 Ini
siir Kiel i.f the Black Hawk No.
lode. hihI 1 500 lineHr feel of the BlaoK
Hawk No. r lode, situated in tne
Warren Mining District, Coclilie
County. Siate of Arizona, us described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field note; on file in tne
oflite of the Resistor of the 1'hceufx
w j t- i i i f
Liana iJJHLrici., oiaie ui iiiiuua, as
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner Tlo.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. ft S. R. B. &
M. brs. S. O. S5' E.. 1660.7 ft.;
thence N. 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. iso.
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. .between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 ft.;
thence S. C2 17' E. 600 ft. to Oor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 65' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
65' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
.Beginning for a description -of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 43 16' W. 6G5 ft;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 65'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tae
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No
1, whence the hi Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 65' W. 1495.S ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W
600 ft, to Cor. No. 4; tLenco N. 28'
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the placb
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 6 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees
21-28, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. .& S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 20 11' E. 21S.6 ft.;
thence N. 28 65' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft,
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 60Q ft.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' w
15K) ft. to Cr. No. 1, the plBce of be
ginning.
containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, tn
township 23 South, range 25 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Men
dian in Arizona.
.'The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, EooK
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 4Z0.
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on ' tae
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed,
and )wned by J. Muhelm.
Any and ay persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to file
their adverse claims with the Regis
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of the
statute.
J. U IRVIN.
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, 'November 28, 1919.
NOTICE is hereby given that Sam
uel L. Jovanovich, of Bisbee, Arizona,
who, on April 17, 1913, made Desert
.Land Entry, No. 022090, for SWVi-
NWU. Section 27. Township 22-S.,
Range 26-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
Purchase Proof, act 3-4-15, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, . on the 14th
day of January, 1920.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Harry A. Ohmer, of Bisbee, Ari
zona; William F. Koch, of Lowell.
Arizona, Lee Jovanovich, of Bisbee,
Arizona, William G. Miller, of Doug
las, Arizona
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Dec. 11, 1919.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey NO. 2551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919,
Notice is hereby given: 'That Alma
Clason. whose postofflce address Ts
Bisbee, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona, In Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18. unapproved T. 23 S.. R. 24 E.
G & S R B & M described as fol
lows, to-wlt:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1. the N. W. Corner; whence V.
i. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Minrag
I District, bears N. 20 10' XV. 9074.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. C52.60 teei
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
W. 1 500.0 foetao Corner 'No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' .W. .652.60 feet to Corner
No. 4; thenco N. 37 63' E. ISOir.O
- j Tteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be-
innnitiK. containing a net area ot
17.7'.)5 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133.
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, anil
with Bisbee Townslte Survey of 1.715
jicres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1723. Warren Mining
District, bears N. :i 43' W. 930o.6
feet; thence S. 75" 17' E. 1500.0 root
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 23' W.
COG. 10 feet to Corner No. thence!
N. 75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner1
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E. 606.10
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
13.163 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. 3" 'Begin
ning at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9885.2 feet; thence S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24 25' W. 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. .75" 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to -Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area cf 19.882 acres, expressly ex
cluding -area in conflict with Survey
No. 1834, Cookney Hill lode, of 0.629
acres, and with Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acres.
'ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren MininR
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23' 11' tv".
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.6 feet to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 faet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren MJnmg
District bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23" 11' Tv.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the .place of beginning,
containing a net area of 17.614 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflrct
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode o'
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 316C.
Moonlight iode of 2.146 acres.
"ANTTA "-Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. Ii.
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S., R. 24
E.. O. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6 48'
30" W. 10309 6 feet; thence N. 75
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26' 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 28
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1.
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.226 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30. T. 23
S., R. 24 E., G. S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence I.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 31 65' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75' 17' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31 65' W. 623.0 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict, with Sur
vey No. 1881. North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE1 Beginning at Corner (
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence tnej
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S..I
R. 24 E. G. & S. R. B. &. M. bears b. !
02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75" i
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2; j
thence N. 0" 06' W. 978.20 feet to!
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.j
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4 ; thence b.
75 17' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 6;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1, (he place of beginning,
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Worchestei
lode of O120 acres. Survey No. 31C2
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acres. j
The location nonces or these claims;
are recorded in the office of the!
County Recorder, Cochise Count.
Arizona, as follows: j
Almette, recorded in Book 59, Rec-!
ord of Mines, page 409. j
Aldinga, .recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recoi-ded .in Book 63, Rec
ord ;of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded in Book 59, Record
rf Mines, page 411.
Morning -star No. 3. recorded m
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord of Mines page 813.
Ani'a, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page .407.
Calvert, recorded -in Book 69, Rec
ord ot Mines, puse 410.
Th i n uoes of the .adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North,
Survey No. 1834. Cockney Hill lode,
and Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
lode; on the East, Uisbee townslte.j
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode. Survey No. 1670, 'Contention
lode. Survey No. 3166. Moonlight loae,
and Survey Nc. 3162, Buck, Kite.
Woichester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
Copper Queen Hotel and High-ciass cafe
The Ix'st of everything at reasonable n la carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon daihvAlso $1.25 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 :20 p. m. llegular Board by the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker
Coirponcntt: Paine. Weber A Co., Boeton, Culuth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
lode, and Survey No. 1881, North Star
No. 2 lode; on the West, Survey No.
1881 North Star No. 3, North Star tn.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
D. C. BROWN. M. D.
Eye. Ear, Nose, Throat and the
r fitting of glasses. Office phone
380. House phone, Green, 78C
CAFE MARNE
CHLENTZOS BROS.
12 Main Street B I 8 B E E
EXCELLENT CUISINE
ITALIAN-FRENCH
RESTAURANT
Regular Meals 50c
Specials from 6 to 8 75c
Brewery Gulch
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phona 804
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teetlu
They should be attended to now. DR.
J. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bldg. Modern,
Painless Methods.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee J. 1 P.M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P.M.
.Via Tombstone. Ft Huachuca
and Patagonia,
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, ' All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car t&i
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church, Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me .Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 728
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
Thone 67 Re. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete end Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
"Mill M UHiHHIWTfft " "-" PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1 1, 1919
MINING COURSE
LEGTUR
E I
Tips of the Town
GOES TO DOUGLAS
Mike Cassidy was a business visitor
to Douglas yesterday.
1 STUDENTS
The praclieal mining course being
given by the I'helps Douge jurpor
rtion under the direction of C. o.
Dickinson, is drawing much more in
terest this year than it did last. This
in fvident in the attendance at the
weekly lectures given at the Y. M. C.
A. as a part of the course. Yesterday
the lecture, "Standard Raises." by J.
S. Stewart, foreman of the Holbrook
shaft, given at one and seven o'clock,
drew 169 students. The record attend
ance is more than 170 but the aver
age classes this year are much larg
er than those of last.
Mr. Stewart's lecture on "Standard
Raises" dealt with driving, of which
ho. said :
"In order to eliminate the carrying
in stock of numerous and miscellane
ous timbers for various support, all
timber for six-post and crib raises,
as well as that for other eupiort. is
cut lo standard size and all support
ing timbers used in the Queen work
ings are framed at a central shop.
The Btandard method of doing any
thing is simply the best method that
cm be divised at the time the stand
rrcl is drawn. The idea of perfection
i not involved in standardization.
Improvements 'in standards are want
ed '., and are adopted whenever they
are fovnd.
"A raise may be. described as an ex
ravrtion o? restricted cross-section
d iven vertically or at an angle up
vard f'om a drift and, usually, in the
ore body. The advantage of working
v henever posible in an upward di
rection can readily bo seen. In sink
i the broken rock must be slweled
into a bucket and hoisted, while in
raising th broken rock falls into a
chv.fe. at the bottom from which It Is
loaded directly to the cars.
Mr. Stewart's lecture also Includ
ed more detailed description of driv
ing such as uses, size and type, lo
cpticn of the raises, storage raises,
intermediate raises, proper starting
of rsif-es, method of driving, speed
and cost, drills and mounting, ar
rpnm.pt. of holes, timbering, slides
and bulkheads.
Announcement ' of the results of
both cal aad written examinations,
recently given by the course for the
first year, will be made Monday, Mr.
Dickinson said yesterday.
Y. W. C. A. MEETS
Regular business was taken up by
ttie Y. V. C. A. board of directors at
their meeting Tuesday.
IS CONVALESCENT
Mrs. Babcock, who haa been con
fined at the Copper Queen hospital
with pneumonia, is bjetter and again
living at the Y. W. C. A. Mrs. Bab
cock and her daughter, Miss Amelia,
a local school teacher, plan to leave
Bisbee for California shortly after the
holidays.'
PAVING PROGRESSES
City Engineer Halleck reports the
paving of Main street as according to
schedule. The unfilled side of Main
street will be poured within the nest
few days.
MARRIAGE LICENSE
Marriage license was issued in Tuc
son yesterday to Aniando Lopez, Bis
bee, and Anita Ruiz, Tucson.
VISITS IN BENSON
Mrs. William 'Whitehead went to
Benson Tuesday morning to visit Mrs.
J. D. Meadows.
MAKES MOTOR TRIP
Mrs. I. C. E. Adams left yesterday
afternoon on a motor trip to the San
Pedro valley.
GIRLS PLAN DANCE
The business tills are planning a
dance and party to be held Monday
night, Dec. 23.
United Americans
Plan Mass Meeting
to Oragnize Chapter
Candy and Smokes
Are the Booty of
Youthful Burglars
A mass meeting in the Warren dis- J Four Bisbee youths yesterday con
tiict to determine local sentiment to- fessed to a number of burglaries in
ward the organization of United this district, involvfng thefts of casu
Americans will be held in the ne ar fu-! nd goods from a dozen local busl
tuie, according to tentative plans ofjness houses. The burglaries extend
the temporary organization commit- j over a period of six weeks. Reportd
tee. j of robberies to the police during this
Returning yesterday . with his per-j time check up with thefts confessed
sonal report of the state convention ! to Chief of Police Kempton jester
of delegates to the United Americans j day by the boys,
in Phoenix. J. J. Dqgal Jias to say of! The boys are: Lawton Casbeer, 1C
the organization: j years old; John Baker, 14; Otto Dun-
'The United Americans purpose of ga, 14, and Jesse Casbeer, 15. The
organization is to teach Americanism. ; boys are employed in the early morn
As a national power it would look to j ing as newspaper carriers and, ae
the propagation of . American ideals J cording to their confessions, the Po
land patriotism. j lice say, the burglaries were commit-
second $2. from the cash register;
the Eagle Cigar Store, from which
they took candy, toy baloons and a
few pennies; John Itule's, entered
twice and robbed of $8, fruits and
nuts; John Twomey's, where they
took toy baloons, cigarettes and can
dy; E. B. Wallace's was
ettes. Police believe the boys used a
skeleton key to enter several of the
stores. '
Is this community doing all it .
should in. the fight against prevent
able diseases? Invest in Red Cross
enteredl Christmas Seals!
twice and despoiled of boxes of can
dies; Wellborn and Dodge, Johnson)
addition, were robbed of candy. Be
sides these places the boys admitted
having attempted to rob the Los An
geles Grocery. Palace Grocery, Mason
Meat Market and Main Street Fruit!
Store. j
John Twomey was surprised to
learn that bin place had been broken
into and looted of candy and cigar-1 "YOUR BODYGUARD" - ZCr. 60
IP
NEUMONIA
Call a physician. Irrimedi
ately begin emergency
treatment with
APGRXJ
WILL TRY FAUST
Preliminary hearing of charges
FROM THE HILLS
George Hand was a business visitor
here yesterday from the Huachuca
mountains.
1 "As I understand the organization
jit recognizes no group, neither the
' workers' unons nor the capitalists' as
sociations, in their . endeavors to ob
tain political power. Government by
th epeople and not by groups is its
purpose
ted during hours when they were de
livering their papers. j
Special Policeman Charles Thpmas.
arrested John Baker and Lawton Cas
beer early yesterday morning, short-j
ly after they had broken into the'
Main Street Fruit Market . and nad
are at present making their home in ,
against B. F. Faust, Lowell, will be this city, were in Douglas yesterday
held this morning at 10 o'clock be- seeklig a house. Mr. Sherman' is con
fore Judge Winters. Faust is charged suiting engineer for the Phelps Dodge
with having received goods stolen corporation,
from the mines. '
HOTEL ARRIVALS
ON HOUSE HUNT I ' , a Tllanir in Its lllnflYirm thi nr. tln o' four rrantroa TV. n
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Sherman, who , ganjzatjon would encouragp the teach- nied having entered the fruit store
ing of Englisjv to everybody who lives . but later confessed. Following their
in America. 3 - j confession they admitted that Otto
"It iH not a 'spying organization. It I Dungan and Jesse Casbeer had been
would fight class legislation and any- J their accomplices. .
thing tending to destroy the purpose Judge Lovelock came to Bisbee
of our constitution to protect personal ; this morning to hear the juvenile
freedom. court cases and the four boys were
"The organization grew from sev- brought before, him. All admitted tht
i JURYMEN EXCUSED
All the Bisbee men who were re-
Arrivals at the Copper Queen hotel Cf ntly summoned for jury duty in eraj organiations from the middle burglaries. John Baker and Jesse Cas
yesterday were: With the "Twin Tombstone have been temporarily ex- west. Its members will conduct it. Ner were released on probation.
Be-In" road show, Misses Tracy, Cused, Judge ' Lockwood. who was in rlrt officers and theer will be no exe-! ivrton Casbeer and Otto Dungan
Saxe, Scott, Stafford, Messrs. W. Mc- this city today, announced. They cutive committees or officers receiv-' Wft,. nrdriri tn Tnmhatnna
Nichol and C. Reichelt, New York; may be called. at a later date
Waldo" C. Cole, W. P. Moses. W. J. ,
ins hieh salaries r using the organi- , wnere tney te sentenced. Ac
aaton a a tool ror tneir own purposes Co-ding to Judge Lockwod, the Dun
in political or business life." r..n DOV8 mRV confined for ten
j The local organization is comivmed da, a all(j reieased on probation. The
of th following men: Jndi Ho?an. pld casbeer bov. ai,i to be the Hue-
Thompson, El Paso; J. M. Sloan, Los BOWEN ROAD DELEGATE
Angeles; James P. Bennett, Phoenix; -. j. J. Bowen, of this cUy, will repre
A. R. Wilfey, Denver; W. F. Adair, 8enl Cochise county at the next r.n
Yuma; Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Smith, Kal- uuai meeting of the "Arizona Good ehainnan: J. J. Dugal. V. TVibrMr. ir.ader. and responsible for most of
araazoo, Mich.; Mr. and Mrs. A. E, Roads association, to bo he'-d in Tuc H. Cox. M. Carretto jurist All'so". C. ln burglaries, may be sent to the re
Howe Cananea; Dr. and Mrs. Hug- son January 19. Delegates to e j J. Knapp, Mayor Encksnn, J. R. Hen-jform school at Fort Grant,
bart. Tombstone; Howard Fay, New convention, beaide the county diiec-' derson and S. Wrran. j Th; bureiaT.jP5, (o wcicn the boys
iork, ana h c Stevens, uougias tors, will be appointed as roiiows:
Solve A Few of Your Gift
. Problems With Photographs
All Photos taken now will be finished for Xmas.
Dix
"The Photographer in Your Town"
confessed are:
SHOPS IN BISBEE
i Cities and counties are entitled to aT1(1 blo0(i troubles, and has mnnv snt-, Tha Califori,ia Bakery, entered ana
Mrs. H. W. Clarkson of Garces, was j entitled to two delegates; individuals
in Bisbee yesterday on a shopping j are entitled to be represented ia per-
trip.
TOMBSTONE EDITOR HERE
Carmel Giragi, editor of the Tomb
stone Prospector, was a visitor here j
yesterday. 1
son and to hav one rote.
isfied users In the War-en. d'strirt. robbed the first time of 29 and the
Ask your next door neighbor, they
may be one of thera. Sold by the Cen
tral Pharmacy. Adv.
Business Locals
r
Buy r-Mbtic heplth. Llovd Oeore
I says: "You cannot mfin'ain ?n A-l
nation with a C-3 population." Buy
Red Cross Seals.
FROM' RAMSEY CANYON
Hugh Fletcher of Ramsey Canyon
visited Bisbee yesterday.
FAMILY REUNION
Mrs. C. W. Ruth will entertain her
brother and mother here over the
holidays.
A Jarge stock of fancy box and bas
ket candies lor Xmas pieseius at the
Bibbee Smoke Hjuse. Adv.
Bisboe Runs Second
In Navy Recruiting
The Warren district stands second
In point of percentage of recruits
guined lor the navy aviation service
in the El P&so recruiting district, the
latter holding the lead for the United
State The lr.cal recruiting office
yesterday gave out the following fig
ures giving the number of men en
. listed in this bn.nch of the naval
service by districts:
Westom 313
New England 272
Southwestern 263
Southern - 228
West Central ISO i
Eastern .134
Central : 12?
In the western division, the districts
stand in the following order: 1, El
Paso; 2. Los Angele; 3, Portland; 4.
Salt Lake; 5, San Diego; 6, San Fran
cisco; 7, Seattle.
GOES TO TEXAS
E. Gollwizter is on his way to Texas
and Oklahoma, where he will transact j
business for the Shattuck Arizona
company.
Splendid assortment of slippeio for
the entire family; S5 cents to $2.50 a
pair. Fair Store. Adv.
i
NOTICE
I .will not be responsible for any
debts contracted by my wi:e, Bessie
M. Jung, who is separated.
12-11 AUGUST A. JUNG.
BAND IS EQUIPPED
The American Legion band's new
instruments, ordered some time ago.
have arrived and the organization
plana to give a concert in the Grand
theatre in the near future.
A large stock of fancy box and bas
ket candies for Xmas presents at the
Bisbee Smone House. Adv.
ACQUIT DR. REDDISH
' JACKSONVILLE. 111., Doc. 9. Alter
deliberating onle hour asd -id n-inutes
the Jury in the trial of Dr. Rorace Red
dish, charged with the murder of his
father, Stephen ReddU i, anu Rach.el
Cisco, returned a verdict of not guil
ty tonight.
WILL BUY
Your active oil stock and
convert into Service. Mail
certificates today. . State
price desired.
We buy, sell and trade
odd lots.
DUES & CO.
Operators Hotel Savoy
El Paso, Texas.
Licensed Brokers.
Members El Paso Stock
Exchange.
1 2 Years in El Paso
Safety First.
MANAGER DOWELL RETURNS
Grant H. Dowell, manager of the
Copper Queen branch, Phelps Dodga
corporation, has returned from Phoe-'
nix where he attended the annual
meeting of the Arizona chapter of the
American Mining Congress.
ATTENTION
Royal Arch Masons, regular chapter
'meeting Thursday night, December 11. j
election of officers, followed by instal
lation. W. R. BANKS, Ex-High Priest
1792-12 11
ATTENDS U. A. MEETING.
J. J. Dugal is back In Bisbee from
ATTENTION ODD FELLOWS
All Odd Fellows are requested to
meet at the Odd Fellows hall at 1:30
Friday, December 12, to attend the
funeral of our late Brother William
Bolitho. 1706-12 12
Mayo Indian Blood Purifier has been
used successfully for eczema, ecrofu-
hls visit to the state capital where he ' ia constipation, rheumatism, kidney
attended the United American meet- j
ing.
BOLITHO FUNERAL FRIDAY
Arrangements for the funeral of
Wm. Bolitho, 39, who died here Mon
day, have been completed by the I. O.
O. F. The funeral will be held Fri
day at 2 o'clock from the Methodist
church. Rev. Harshman and officers
of the Odd Fellows lodge will offici- j
ate. Bolitho was district deputy
grand master of the Red Cliff dis
trict. Colorado, I. O. O. F.
PLAN "TACKY PARTY" '
A "tacky party" will be given to- (
morrow night at 7:30 o'clock in the.
Christian church. Prizes will be j
awarded for the "tackiest" appare) .
worn. The party is to be under the
auspices of the Young People's class
WATCH
THE BIG A
6 tomach -Kidneys-Heart-Live:
Ilecp the vital organs healthy by
regularly taking the world's stand
ard remedy for kidney, liver,
bladder and uric acid troubles
GQLD MEDAL
THAT COLD WON'T
BOTHERYOU LONG
Not if you let Dr. Bell's Pine
1 Tar-Hoiiey help relieve it
COLD-DISCOMFORT b some
thing no man, woman, or chiM
should be bothered with for any
length of time. The pleasant ingred
ients of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey help
wonderfully 'n loosening phlegm and
' congestion, easing the breathing, and
relieving cough, bronchitis, cold in
flammation, hoarseness.
The test of time has favored Dr.
Bell's Pine-Tar-lloney. It helps speed
ily, safely, to, start a cold-sufferer on
the road to normal. No medicine
cabinet should be without it.
Ail Druggists. 30c., 60c, $1.20.
IS
i
Costive Children and Grownups
Costivenes harmi the system, mstkes you
dull, listless, ambitlonless. Correct it with
o-Do-Lax. Natures' able helper. Po-Do-Lax
i gentle but thoroughly eflicient. A tried
and worthy remedy. 60c All druggists.
j l
LYRIC
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to 11
With
Dorothy Dalton
In
1 "Extravagance" 1
His money in her hands
was like water in a sieve
and he wasn't far be
hind her when it came to
spending nioriey. But it
led to the very bottom
failing cf their lives.
Here is your chance to
test your pet theory of
economy.
Come, and see
Extravagance
GRAND CANYON
(Prizma)
And a Comedy
The New Bell Hop
The Sensation of.
The Hour
Own a Dort! You will like it
Quality Goes GearTlirough
i
U'SiH
CHORAL CLUBS MEET
A joint meeting of the Junior Chor
al club and the Treble Clef Choral j
Ciuu was neiu at uie i. . n. iaai
nisht, under the direction of Mrs.
Oill.
T1 National Remorfr cf Holland for
cer.tu.iesand endorsed by Queen Wilhel
oiina. At all druggists, th-ee size.
Cook 'or tlia nam Gold Ma4l on Terr bo
aud kecovt r'0 luu:aUoQ
TO ADDRESS Y. W. C. A.
Tomorrow afternoon at three o'clock
Superintendent of Schools Philbrook
will address the weekly Y. .V. C. A.
meeting in the association building.
His talk, the second of a series, will
be on the state constitution. The
public is Invited to attend.
:i : zzszsn I
GOES TO WILCOX
Dr. A. J. Doughitt left last night for
Wilcox on business.
BAND
Rehearsal
!
POSTPONE DANCE
The weekly Knights of Columbus
dance scheduled to be held tonight in'
the K. C. hall has been postponed be-
MAZE HALL
Friday, 7:30 P. M.
' cause of other local attractions.
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
The Dance Hall Girl
Fights Against Odds
Beatriz Michelena
In-
'Heart of Juanita'
A Vivid Romance of Cal
ifornia's Golden Days
Outing Chester
Strand Comedy
"Jimmie's
Dour-Gun Luck"
AGLE
THE ATkE
TODAY I TO 11
Dazzling
Priscilla Dean
In
"The
Exquisite Thief '
Broadway's Latest
Sensation
International
News
L-Ko Comedy Feature
"Puppy Love
Panic"
14
' From :' the infancy of the invention of the t
- Automobile it has been the desire of the man
ufacturer to give the public power, substanti
ality,, and economy, and the Dort is the first
of its kind on the market.
OWN A DORT. Do not accept a substitute,
for you will eventually own a Dort. So why
not now? See and inspect these cars at the'
Tombstone Auto Co., Tombstone, Ariz.
Bisbee Auto Co. Main St.
A. E. Rogers, Rep., Dort Motor Cars
Terms, One-third Cash, Balance, 10 Months
r
1
Open Until
9 P. M
L. L. Gilman
Bisbee
Jeweler
Lowell
Douglas
3&