Vote for Bisbee Paving Bonds -Election Monday, March 24th.
.
WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
Sun. and Mon. partly
cloudy; rising -temperature.
Mar. 1". M. & M. Jour
nal, quotation, 14.7!.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
m -"MCI
VOL. 21, NO. 270.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
P(ii)foi
P
F3)
PI
C 2 .IS ft 3
I U 1 J M
mi
Ik I I
nwirni
n l i3
SY
r?r r ?
ran
BA (ER AIDED
SLACKERS : !l
BIBLE CLASS
SUBTERFUGE
Major Frank Knox, Editor of j
Manchester Paper, Sup-
ports Chagres of Foster;
Cites Instances of Conscien
tious Objector Receiving
Clemency Under Conditions
(By Review Leasd Wire)
MANCHESTER, N. H., March 22.
Maj. Frank Knox, recently returned to
his position as editor of the Manches
ter Union, after his release from army
service, in a signed statement tonight,
said that he was "prepared in general
terms to support the accusation
brought aginst Secretry of Wr Bker
by Mj. Dick Foster, that orders were
issued to commanding officers cf mo
bilization camps in the United States
which practically forbade effective
handling of fake conscientious pbjec
tors who were inducted into the na
tional army under the draft law.
"During the first three months of
my service in a mobilization camp in
this country that situated at Camp
Dix I was in. an unusually good posi
tion to observer the methods of hand
ling these conscientious objectors,
since I was a member of the division
staff, serving as personnel officer,"
the statement says:
Officers,' Hands Tied
"A considerable number of consci
entious objectors were encountered.
With the position assumed by the gen
eral conscientious objector to military
service because of religious scruples
there was perhaps a minimum of sym
pathy, but at least there was under
standing among the officers who had
to deal with him.
"But from the commanding officer
of the division down, there was a feel
, ing of outraged helplessness when un
der explicit, secret ordera from the
secretary of war," we were compelled
to permit men who were nothing but
contemptible slackers, to find shelter
behind the screen of a suddenly ac
quired religious scruple which forbade
their bearing arms."
Cites One Case
The statement cites the case of a
drafted man in Major Knox's battlion
who said he belonged to "some 'Bible
society' which forbade his bearing
arms," and who refused to work in
barracks. Major Knox says thaf he
took the matter up with division head
quarters through military channels
and the man was ordered transferred
to a company in the depot brigade,
made up exclusively of "objectors."
"Investigation," the statement con
tinues, "disclosed the fact that the
man had joined the 'Bible society" but
a few weeks before reporting for duty
and obviously for the purpose of avoid
ing military duty. ... I say no
more than the bare truth when I as
sert that there was a feeling ot uni
versal disgust among army officers
over the orders issued by the war de
partment covering the treatment of
conscientious objectors. The unan-
imous sentiment of omcers wno naa
to deal with such cases was that each
case should have been the subject of;
a court martial in which the genuine j
objector . . . would readily be
separated from th3 cowardly slack-1
er- I
r,ZZ.e rn.nrrc I
FOSTER REPEATS CHARGES
(Tty Review Teased Virel t
KANSAS CITY March 22. Criticiz-'
i.n, th. Honnrtmenfa answpr I
to his charges that undue leniency
was shown to conscientious objectors
was voiced here tonight by Maj. Rich
ard B. Foster, who had declared in a
speech yesterday that Secretary of
War Baker had "intentionally or un
Intentionally adopted the role of pro -
tector of the I. W. W. and internaiion
al socialists and humanitarians."
The only denial uttered," declared
Major Foster, "is of a statement I did
not make. It is too obviously an at
tempt to discredit all my charzes by
indicating I charged local draft boards
with being a party to th secret plans
for the comfort of the obstructionists.
Colonel House ,
To Mediate In
Fiume Problem
PARIS, March 21 (By
the Associated Press).
There is no hint yet as to the
character of the plan under
consideration by Col. EL M.
House for a settlement of
the Fiume problem, but it
is expected that the plan will
be ready in a day or two.
The Italian delegation has
answered all advances made
aiming at the establishment
cf the eastern frontier with
out assigning Fiume to Italy
by declaring that any such
solution, even if accepted
by the delegates here, would
be useless as neither the Ital
ian parliament or people
would ratify such an agree
ment for the abandonment
of what they consider "the
completion of the mother
country."
SIX BILLION GOAL
FOR VICM LOAN
By TU-vfl-w Leased Wire) -WASHINGTON,
'Marcl 22. With
the announcement today that collec
tions from the first 25 per cent in
stallment payment of income and
profits taxes last Saturday amounted
to $1,001,000,000 and might go higher
with later reports., the last financial
milestone preceding the Victory Lib
erty loan had been passed, and it seem
probable that the loan will be for ap
proximately $6,000,000,000.
Governoi-3 ci federal reserve banks
attending a conference closing tonight
were toll that although official state
ments of iho amount of loan have re
ferred la 'live or six billions," the
higher f.gure was nearer correct.
Tax Levies Hold Up.
' Tax collections of a little more than
a billion dollars indicated that the
total tax yield this year from income
and profits levies would be more than
four billions and might reach the!
$4,700,000,000 estimate of congress at
the time of enacting the revenue bill.
The aggregate of first installment
payments will bring into the treasury
only about $200,000,000 net at this
time, however since $S00,000,000 is
required to pay Certificates) of ln
debtedness maturing coinciientally
with the tax payments.
In support of the belief that the
treasury would maxe six billions the
goal of the Victory loan, campaign of
ficials pointed out that $4,855,000,000
certificates of indebtedness were out-
d! iTllin rr in h Ttl Til H nllt O f Tl TTV- I
ceeds from the loan and they said
that probably another billion must be
issued before loan receipts begin to i
pour in. Proceeds from the certifi
cates will be required to pay ordi
nary government expenses for two
months, now running at the rate of
11.200,000,000 a month, and to redeem
a little more than $600,000,000 of cer
tificates falling due before May 6.
Cash on Hand.
The treasury has available to meet
current cash requirements about
j $1,700,000,000, rather high net balance.
' not including all the tax receipts from
wppk.s collections. Officials.
nowever do not desire to let the cash
workns balance get below a billion
dollars for tnis is les3 than a month's
ex e.
Ind,catlon3 now are that unlesg the
Victory loan is largely oversubscribed
the treasury department will have to
, fc f month h
. , .
campaign to market new securities,
selling them mainly to banks, as a
means of meeting future government
expenses.
VOLCANO INTERRUPTION
SAN SALVADOR, March 22.-
vices from Nicaragua say that the
j volcano of Sontiago is in a state of
lull eruption, intermittently throwing
ashes and spreading fumes over a
large area. The volcano is sitvftted
in the midst of a number of planta
tions which are suffering from the
eruption
The volsano Irazti in Costa Rica is; of Labor on the clause providing that
al?o active, according to messages "present wage rates or agreements
reaching here, and plantations in thatjwili not be interfered with" by the re
vicinity are sustaining damage. duct ion to the public..
LABOR LEGISLATION WRITTEN INTO
INSURES ALL EXISTING
LUMBERMEN
Encounter Many Peculiar Dif-"
ficulties in First Confer
ence With Department
Hope for Adjustment Prompts
Committee of Representa
tives to Remain at Hand '
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, March 22. Repre
sentatives of the lumber industry and
the industrial board of he department
of commerce encountered ; many dif
ficulties peculiar to the trade in be
ginning conference today with a view
to effecting price revisions similar
to those in steel products. -
At the close of more than six. hours
of discussion, it was announced that
'n the absence of" any organization
competent to speak for a majority of
the lumber producers in this country,
no agreement had been reached and in
view of the complexity of the situa
tion, sufficient data was not available
on which it could base any action.
Hope for Adjustments
Hope of an agreement was held out,
however, in the decision to have a
committee of the lumbermen remain
in Washington for consultation .with
the board and to supply available fig
ures of the production of costs of each
section of the lumber industry. Furth
er meetings will be subject to the call
of the 4oard, which will occupy much
of next week in conference with brick
and cement interests.
The committee includes John HI
Kirby of Houston, Texas, president
of the National Lumber Manufactur
ers association.
It was evident from comments aft
er the meeting that the lumbermen
did not hold out any prospect of ma
terial reductions in the prices of their
products. Mr. Kirby declared produc
tions costs had gone up out of propor
tion to the rise in price and that the
increase had continued even since the
armistice was signed.
Public Awaits Decision
In response to the request of the
board that the lumbermen take the
initiative in submitting a schedule of
revised prices, it was pointed out that
nobody present had authority to take
?.uoh action other than for his own
plants and that even if an agreement
were reached at the conference, its
effect would be local to those plants
and have no general effect
A. C. Johnson of Dubuque, Iowa, rep
resenting some retail lumber dealers,
declared many buyers would begin
construction as soon as there was an
nouncement that there would be no re
duction in lumber prices. .
At the close of the conference, the
industrial board . issued the following
statement: , '
Board's Statement
"At a conference held today between
the industrial board of the depart
ment of commerce with certain repre
sentatives of the lumber industry, S.
P. Bush, who acted as chairman in the
absence of George N. Peck, stated that
in view of the fact that there was not
at the conference a representation
that was authorized to speak for more
than fragments of the lumber industry
and in view of the complexity of the
problem presented, otherwise suffici
ent dat was not available which could
be used as a basis for any action by
WILL ADJUST
PRICE LISTS
I the board. Representatives of the in
! dustry present submitted certain data
i concerning their present costs and
Ad" I selling prices to which, the board will
; ive consideration, but it is desired
that some satisfactory basis 'fair to all I
, may he found upon which to consider I
' nrices as a whole.
Announcement of steel price re-
visions brought favorable comment to-
day from officials of the department
!of labor and the American Federation
Hayden Thinks
League Is Bar
To Future War
DOUGLAS, Ariz. March
22. "America will be less
likely to be drawn into war
if she is ' a member of a
league of nations than as an
outsider. That is the most
important point for Ameri
cans to consider," said Carl
Hayden, congressman for
Arizona, who arived here
tonight en route to hiv home
in Phoenix from Washing
ton, D. C. "Even the re
publican senators who are
fighting the president say a
league of nations is needed ;
it is the form of the original
draft they object to. Doubt
less most nations will accept
the treaty in the main but
with reservations upon sev
eral points. These can be
fought out in the final
draft."
POSTAL OFFICERS
ARE ORDERED OUI
(By Review Leased vire)
NEW YORK, March 22.--Refusal by
tne Postal Telegraph company to
sanction an increase of telegraph
rates it deemed unjust and award of
a 10 per cent wage increase to em
ployes instead of the 5 per cent ad
vance ordered by Postmaster General
Burleson was said tonight by William
S. Deegan, secretary of the company,
to be "the reasons for the removal
today by Mr. Burleson of Clarence
Mackey, president, and other officials
of the company.
Mr. Deegan declared In a statement
"that we shall surrender or abandon
our fight against , Burleson's usurpa
tions." The order removing the officials
was served at noon today without pre
vious notice, said the statement,
which continued: .
"Burleson gives as a. reason for the
order that we have failed to carry out
his order. and instructions. We do
not know what Burleson refers to in
the way .f orders and instructions.
This is all a pietense.
' The t-tatement by Burleson that we
failed promptly to put into effect the!
age scueauie is a aisioruon. we determined at a meeting of the eco
announced an increase of wages of all nomic commission todaC These take
our employe son March 5, effective a wide range, the important subjects
from January 1. which was more gen-1 including the disposition of German
trous man mai oraerea Dy uuneson.
The Burleson schedule was based
tirely on the-Western Union plan of
organiz;:!ioa vhich is different from
ours, and it was impossible to apply
to our organization. Burleson's op
erating board admitted this and told
us to do the best we could. Burleson's
statement of the wage schedule is
aeuoeraie attempt to distort lacts.
"Ve did refuse to assent to a prop-
osition made by Burleson's operating
board of Bell Telephone and Western providing against discrimination be
Union officials to Jncrease telegra-. tween the allied countries,
phers ,but this never reached the j Third A provision regulating pre
form of an order. Burleson carefully war contracts between German busi
reframs from mentioning this and this ness and allied interests which were
may be why he has removed our of- j suspended by the war.
ficials." Fourth Provisions for the disposi-
The stueiTieiu declares the action jtion of German property in allied
of the postmaster general -to be one , countries, mostly in the hands of eov
of the most despotic acts in the his-Jemmem custodians and also allied
tory of the American government," propertv in Germany. This branch
and that "his purpose evidently is to; includes German patents .trademarks
destroy the Postal telegraph system," j al,d copyrights.
as "the men who were appointed to; Fifth A provision for the assemb
take over the property know nothing Hn or an international conference to
of the telegraph business." ; ,jeal witn economic and Commercial
1 ' : questions.
MOB STORMS POSTOFFICE j The foregoing subjects are being
COPENHAGEN. March 22. Buda-! drafted in treatv form f.-r inrluion In
j pest jPSpatch says that a mob stormed
tn8 postoffice and military buildings
and destroyed the Honved monuments.,
It is reported that the extreme social-,
ists intend to proclaim a soviet re-
public. j
Red Russian troops are reported to
have arrived at Tarnopol '
FINAL PICT
IS AiHED
TOM U. S.
Protection of Monroe Doctrine j
Before Committee Headed
by President for Action
Econcmic Subjects Occupy
Body ; German Trade Status
Following Treaty Uncertain
j V (By Review Leased Wire) j
PARIS, March 22. Announcement ;
' was made by the peace conference j
! commission on International labor leg-!
j islation late today that the only thing
.remaining for the commission to doj
j is, to draw its final report to the peace;
i conference.) The commission today
i compietea consideration of the pro-)
; posals laid before it by a deputation i
i from women's organizations. The
! meeting, today was the thirty-fourth;
j and was presided over by Samuel
j uompers. .
' In recognition of the principle of
self-determination in labor questions,)
the labor commission today introduced
j -a clause into its report providing that
I " no recommendation or draft shall in
j any case be accepted or applied so as
. to diminish the protection already ac
! corded to' workers by the existing
laws of any of the high contracting
parties."
Safeguard Existing Laws.
The intention of the clause is to
safeguard legislation alreatiy in effect
in any country wnicli might be rer
the workers than that . recommended
by the labor bureau. The report was
largely a discussion of the seamen's
act in the United States and recogni
tion of the possibility that the bureau
might have recommendations on that
subject which was improving the con- i
dition of seamen generally, would not j
measure up to the standard fixed by j
the United States
The labor commission has definite
ly decided that the findings of the
bureau must be supported by moral
suasion in countries where special
problems exist, rather than by invok
ing any force the league of Nations
might offer.
DISCUSS ECONOMIC SUBJECTS.
PARIS. March 22. (By the Asso
ciated Press.) The economic sub-
iect to he IntrndnrpH tnfr the nra.
hminary peace treaty were definitely
patents, trademarks and convrisht
en-ian(i aiien property, such as that held i
j Dy the custodian of such property in
j the United States.
The main subjects which will ap
pear in the treaty are: ' 1
First The future status of German
contracts with the allied countries, all
a0f which have been abrogated.
Tariff Arrangement .
Second A tariff arransemnt
un-
i dor whir l, th'ov mv h McnmeH
th treaty.
SAFEGUARD MONROE DOCTRINE.
(TU. Review Leased Wire)
PARIS. March 22. Amendments
safeguarding the Monroe doctrine and
a Japanese amendment Tor just racial
icriuiid on Pane Kive)
Convict Labor
In Arizona Is
Now Under Ban
PHOENIX, Ariz., March
22. The 77 state prisoners
employed on the Solomon
ville road will be returned to
the state prison at Florence
and their places taken by
free, white labor, according
to an announcement tonight
from the office of Governor
Campbell. This action,
said the announcement, fol
lows a request from the gov
ernor to former State Engi
neer Hclmquist that such a
step be taken. At that time
Holmquist said the condi
tion of state funds would
not permit the change, but
since then appropriations
made by the legislature have
made it potsible to replace
the prisoners with free labor...
3-CENT FARE WILL
HOT HELP ARIZONA
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. March 22 "We are back I
where we started from," was the com-
ment tonight of Chairman Betts of the t
sie corporation commission wnen ne
was shown a San Francisco dispatch
fare order reported issued a few days
ago would not affect fares
m excess 1
of that amount where conditions show '
higher fares are justified. 1
The announcement made by San i
Francisco railroad officials on March ;
IS was to the effect that on April 1
H .-.io- f Ihroo .
cents a mile ot all passenger rates as
provided for in general order 2$
is-1
sued June 1 last. The announcement
continued that rates in excess of three
. u j .v. !
t. (fills a ill I ir- ttuuiu utr utrii casru in I in -
theer-cent limit on all lines under the ' the manifesto. "I regret the necessity
jurisdiction of the administration a'nd ; lr .l-li'Mg Mexican Jcod. but it must
that all special and excursion rates i be done ;:t oruor to overthrow ( aran
would be discontinued. ' tJu usurpei.
Chairman Betts said tonight that j "The lane lor the triumph of my
the new announcement from San j revolution is at hand. Come, join with
Francisco was a keen disappointment i me Rnd the army of reconstruction
to him. j which will quickly gain control of the
"Our fight for a three-cent rate is an I district of the north in order to put
old one." said Mr. eBtts. "and by j into effect the promises of the revoHi-
iContimied on I'as Kivei (CoiitimuM on rte Five I
Late News
PARIS. The Esthoniou-Lettish of-1
fensive against the. bolshevik! is men-j
acing Petrograd so seriously that Leon I
Trotxky. the 1 bolsheviki minister of j
war and marine, has ordered the gen-1
eral mobilization of all men up to the
age of 46. according to a Zurich des
patch to the Matin.
BERNE. Friday. March 21. (By the
Associated Press.) Several Swiss
newspapers are urging that a plebis
cite be taken on Switzerland's entry
into the league of nations. They ex
press the fear that Swiss neutrality
event uallv would be endangered.
COPENHAGEN. March 22. The
Vienna government has once more no
tifie dformer Emperor Charles that it
is desirable that he quit the country,
according to telegrams from the
strian capital.
WASHINGTON. March 22 More
than 5.000 men of the 37th (Ohio Na-I
tional guard) division are included i
the S.200 men reported by the war ,
department today as having sailed
from France on four tarnsports last
Thursday.
FUPAPEST. March 22 (Havas)
The Hungarian cabinet, headed by
Count Michael Karolvi. has resigned,
leaving the government to the prole
tariat. This action was taken after
Count Karolvi had communicated to
the cabinet the entente note outlining
PLAN
LEGISLATION
DIT PLAi
BARED Bl
IL.&
Miscarriage of Angels'. Staff
Officers Fiustrates Blow
at Northern Chihuahua
Rebel Leader Sends-Manifesto
to El Paso Announcing Plan
to Liberate All Mexico.
(By Review Leased Wire'
EL PASO. March 22. Francisco
Villa's plan for the conquest of North
ern Mexico from the Chihuahua gov
ernment apparently miscarried when
Felipe Angeles' staff officers were ar
rested here recently and Martin Lo
pez's ammunition smuggling band was
defeated by the federals utvir La -
censiou. This was indicate-! in a copy of
a new Villa manifesto, issued at San,
Lorenzo. Chihuahua. 95 miles lielow.
that border, and received here to
niglitv A copy is said to have lxen
scut to Villa asonts i- New York.
Promises Early Start.
This manifesto, dated March 1.
promised that his long decayed mili
tary moNoment would start "very
soon."
In the manifesto Villa calls upon
nil if h' nM renerst ill tl'P
(imnu
nivisMoP. of the Xorlh to rejoin him.
offering to forgive any enmity they
! may hae against inni it tney win re-.
turn to Mexico and fight for what h
termed "liberty, brea 1 and justice
lie prr'.nises. ,to restore the constitu-v
tic:i of 1S57. to reform the judiciary,
establish universal suffrage and U
treat the enemy with consideration
UlltO 111... IV"'!'.. . ......... .
the
document.
Must Spill Blood.
'I am willing to orfer my life, if
necessary, to see Mexlro peaceful.
hanr.v ami yro.;ivror.s." he stated fli
Bulletins
the new boundary between Hungary
BAN
IS
GUARDS
and Rumania. After advising Ccflanvl
Yiss. commander of the French troop
of occupation of the decision of the
cabinet , t ount Karolvi then resguu d
in his turn.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas. March 22
A plea for support of the League of
Nations, which. lie declared, "the
spirits of 9.000,000 men who died in
the war are hovering over the coun
cil chamber in Paris and demanding,
was the theme of Newton 1. Baker,
secretary of war, speaking here o
night. General Peyton C. March, chh'f
of staff, also spoke.
Tomorrow Secretary Baker and bis
party will inspect army camps about
the city and leave for Washington.
The secretary, referring to -criti-
An-,cjsmst by Senator Chambetlain. said he
i was willing to leave tho verdict to
itime.
WASHINGTON. March 22 The war
department todav issued a statement
exulaiiune the present svstem of de-
i mobilization and discussing reasons
why the British or other plans could
not have been followed in the United
States. In reply to criticisms tht
many men were being held in camps
unnecessarily, the statement ssid
large numbers of soldiers were net d
ed at the demobilization centers to 'a
tilitate the discharge of men return
ing from overseas as well as tluw
who served in this country, t
S
TVVO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
Blouses of Special Style for Spring Wear
CORSETS OF NEW LINES That Give Youth
, ful Beauty to the Figure
Tnis is r. Soi.ii-.u of Youi.i and these new "Bon Ton" and "Royal
Vi;;-; i ... -: .? :v thr liinv just the rislu touch cf support to
ivX.y .-.: :h,. ;u!o;- ':.. of ill.? correct silheuette. (Second Floor).
-The .lev suit. call for Blouses designed in particular modes to
v :ar weil with ;hs new V'aited Skin. If the eficcts of the Suit is to
be achieved. We are bowing sonic of the most desired models in
Suit Blof.se.- . , .-
The Fair Department Store
Bisbee, Arizona, Sunday, March 23, 1919
Arizona's Most Progressive Store
ll f l - , m. 1 . , ill
CREPE DE CHINE
. KIMONAS
V4 Off Regular Price
Women's Loose Fitting Crejie de Chine Kimonas
in Flesh and Colors in pretty Kimona styles some
trimmed with beautiful fringe, ethers with braid and
elastic pretty cellars, made of heavy quality Crepe
de China in colors Flesh, Maize, Copen, Rose, and
Light Blue. All sizes, special at
Off Regular Price
The
Fash oils
Favored
if
Styiedom
or
Spring
w
HEREVER YOU GO throughout the store you will find new ideas,
new stocks, new styles, and every style shown is selected for its au
thoritative correctness to the prevailing mode, true fashions which
will survive the wear of the garment of fabric, and what is equally im
portant the quality of every article we show is better, as much as the
figures at which it is quoted are more reasonable than the market has
afforded in the past few seasons.
INFANTS' DRESSES
(Slightly Soiled)
Y4 Off Regular Price
Infants' White Dresses slightly soiled in show
ing. These are ct line White Batiste and Nainsook
vita yokes cf very fine lace and embroidery neck
and sleeve? daintily trimmed some long Infants'
sizes, 5 months .to 2 years. Special
V4 Off Regular Price
A Wonderful Ar
ray of New Spring
Millinery
Never before has the Millinery Cases and Tables been more gleam
ing with Beautiful Hats, such as it is right now. An hour at our store
will give you more true Style Information than' a week in New York, for
we have gathered together the Choicebt and Most Becoming of the At
tractive Models shown by the leading makers Hats which we can assuri.
as being most flatteringly becoming to the Women seeking an individual
type
Prices Range from $6150 to $25.00
' CHILDREN'S' HATS 7
A fine new assortment of Children's Hat3 in all that is new and dif
ferent fine new Milans in all colors White and. Black pretty trimmed
Panamas and many other charming models for Ch'ldren. (Second Floor).
Crepe de Chim Envelope Chemise
Special at $2.39 '
The Dainthiess and Soft Colorings in these Pretty Silken Undergar
ments of Flesh Crepe de Chine some trimmed with Dainty .LacC with
Ribbon Straps others French Finish Tops with beautiful colored Hand
Embroidery" of Pink and Baby Blue. All sizes - ; .
Special at $2.39 .
NEW SPRING ARRIVALS
on the Main Floor : -
-Special showings this week of the following; new arrivals Many
Women nave been watching for this opportunity-to see the New Styles
and Designs and changes that Fashion has made. '
New Spring Hose
Low Shoes require Novel Hose. If one is to be
Smartly Dressed. The new arrivals in Women's
Slik Hose include Lace and Drop Stitch Style as
well as Lace 'Inserts. Embroidered and Lace
BIgcked effects. They c ome m Black, White,
Brov.n and all the New Spring Shades.
Prices Range, $1.00 to $9.50 pair
Women's "Burson" Hose,
Special at 26c pair
Fast Colored Black Burson Ilase for Women. Knitt to Fit without a
Seam. Narrowed Ankle. Shaped Foot. High Spliced and Double Heel, also '
Double Toe and Sole. Comes in three weights, light, medium and heavy.
Sizes S1" to lOVs, regular 35c value. Special at. 26c Pair
(Main Floor.) - ' ,
THE NEW VEILS
-We predict that Veils will be ;nore generally worn this Spring than "
' lilt
ever before and surely no reason ever produced more novelties. Anions
Ui2 real novel fleets are "French" Veils. These are decidedly very ultra. .
Otuor acce.'ited mod'-s in Chide. Chenille and Velvet Cluster Dots and
Border Styles as well as Small Designs. Colors are Black, Navy, Taupe,
Brown and Purple'. They are moierateiy priced. New Veilings in many
New Designs. (Main Floor.)
New Veils, 75c and up pzr yard
New Veilings, 35c and up per yard: . -
Hand Bags and Strap Pocket Books
The vou".:e is about evi-nly divided lit'twtin neat
ly Leathered Strap Handled Pocketboks and the
more elahoi Ue and Fanciful Handbags which we
siiov.- in a myriad of clever c-flects.
at from $2.00 to $3.00
i t .r 4
Novel New Neckwear for
Spring and Summer
Th New Collar Effects in Suiis
has brought about an altogether
tir v .rt of n-ciiear of origin. :1
and becoming designs of which v.e
are rrw lowing many very Naut-
if ul Collars. Some in Vostr fon i.
djvi-b.pel in daintv material f
CleorgL-fto. rifi !. Chili., Or
g .ir.d.', and Ruffling.
At 75c to $3.00
I Main F. ; ! i
One Special Lot Hand Bags at $1.69
A large and beautiful assortment of Handbags
and Pocket books ail have fancy Silk Li Mings, litfed
with Mirror and Coin Purse. Strap Back tied Too
Handies. A!i ::ie the Newest Styles Tor Sprins.
Special at $1.69
(Miin Floor.)
' Novelty Ribbons
Gros Orai:i Ribbons are extreme1- '
ly popular. H re you w ill find all
the accepted Spring Colors as wi-I!
as Bl.ick and W hite in every de
sirel width. Warp'print. Brocad
ed anil Embroidered Ribbons suit
a.ic ior Ventres and Hjss. Dainty
H-ii: Uo.v Itiblnni!-- in now coi 'is
and Satin .r.id Fiiiile IUMhuis for
i 1 T I
i.
v."
n
i - -. - - j :
' eft iv
-
A
mm
Serge and Jersey Dresses
Are the Trend of Fashion Right Now
The Chic Styles the smartest in cut and design are the dominating features in the Dresses we are
showing youthful lines snd novel eftects for the small Women and for Misses while for the more
elderly a.id stouter "Vtomen the models are more conservative Women who desire a practical and yet
a pretty and clever nostume suitable to every 4?cca sioji w ill sppreciate these Smart Dresses in Serges
and Jerseys that are so moderately-priced at . .
$18.50, $22.50, $25.00 and up to $35.00
The Latest Suits for Spring
Featuring Among Others the New Blouse Effect
In the pr.st few days we have added many New Models to our line of Spring Suits formerly the ue-
mafnd has been larser than we were able to supply but now v,e feel reasonably 6ure you won't be dis
sapointed in making this department another visit.
The advent of the Blouse Fashion is very much in evidence in the newer models we've just received.
Other Styles only second in fashion importance to the Blouse are particularly emphasized in Tuxedo
Belted, Tailored Straight Up and Down Suits and the many Novelty Suits. Embroidery, Buttons and
Braid are used in a way that add wonderfully to the attractiveness. Models and sizes for both Women
and Misses at
$25.00, $27.50, $29.50, $35.00, $40.00,
$45.00 andt up to $75.00
Separate Skirts Are
in High Fashion
tor Spring
The exceeding beauty o
the New Blouses and the
'wearing of Capes has had
1 a reflected effect on the
popularity of the Separte
Skirt and to he fully pre
pared, for every occasion
one really needs as many
Skirts as they have
Blouses. We are showing
many of tho Fashionable
Favorites, varying in Style
from the Plaid and Striped
Sport Skirts to the more
dignifiedly dressy models
Delightful Capes
and Dolmans
The Craze at Styiedom Centers
The Jauutiness and Smartness cf the many
really new garment the most popular and attrac
leauty of their draping makes them alike suited
Smart Simplicity and Comfort in Wear gives them
ncv, ideas in Capes and .Dolmans has made the
tfve of the Season's New Spring Showings. The
u -evening wear or dres soccaions, wiiiie their
a particular favor for more practical wear.
Cape Coats at $13.50
-"-These are of Serge and have the same graceful
lines as the higher priced models.
Dolman Coats at $18.50
--A very clever model of Serge that will give the
weaier unlimited st rvice for the many occasions
it may be worn. Other higher priced models in
Cape and Dolman Coats. Developed from Beauti
ful Fabrics ot Crystal Cloth, Silvertones, Seige,
Tricotine and Poire t Twill, at
$13.50, $18.50 and up
A World of Beautiful New Spring Silks
Await Your Approval on the Main Floor
Silks and then more Silks Beautiful Soft
Clingy Silks one delightful Silk after another
and it seems they all arrived at aoout the sai.ie
tune
From J-.!pn:i comes heautitul Crepes froi'.
Franto tli? SJir" jt Wea.e.- and Ameiica h.is
contrived a v-calth of ijovehios. all of whii-h wf
art; now !-h;.? io in :;cor,-r: cf the lV.iulirni
Nov .'.K.dils.
All
Br?c
rctsie vt ows o-'.t:' franchise. Crepe cie
Cr-.-Tf. Charrnfuse, Viessalir-s, Fancy Foulards.
borne ot tnc Beautiful k -.k v.i X r. v-
New Arrivals 1
over fsi.rcri Gccrgcits. Satiii 3rcfile, tJN--
C3scadii:x. Woire. Satins. Taffetas. rVvi--CA- 'M O
Week
Those of our customers who prefer their clothes made-to-inrjividual-measure
will want to have their spring suits
ready for
"National Dress - Up
APRIL the 5th to 12th,
Inclusive
We cordially invite you to
come in and see our hand
some line of spring woolens
from our celebrated Chicago
tailors
Ed. V. Pr ice
& Co.
We always guarantee com
plete clothes satisfaction
in service, fit, style and
value. Clothes that invite
the question
i A :a am
l-'J.'H K-'-'-V SA
. i
llt
I.
I'.tVSl
May we show you these
smart wool suitings today
MEN'S SPRING HA TS
-The Variety, of Style, Shapes and Block are
most attractive. In our New Spring Hats for Men
anc Young Men. All this Season's Handsome
Shades, such as Crystal Gray, Dark Seal, Winter
Green, Blue and Blacks.
Stetson Hats
$6.50 to $10.00
Schoeble Hats
$5.00 and $6.00
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MILITARY CADETS
We now have a complete line of everything in the way of Cadet Suits,
Shirts. Hats. Loggings and all that goes to make up a complete outfit.
Make this your headquarters.
Cadet Suits Soldier Suits
Of especially fine Khahi Twill, Jp0f BOXS
Cents have form fitting hacks.
se.nns double stitched, buttons re- Boys' S d'ii-r Play Suits made of
movable, riding brooches with lac- good ti ide Khaki Cloth, fine for
in below knees. Sizes 12 to 11 wear. Sail includes Cap and Leg-
gincs. Just what boys want for
16 $7.50 every day wer-r. Sizes 4 to 14 years.
Si lies 31, T.G and US $9.00
cadi -t Hats $t.75 to $3.50 Priced at
C det Leggings ...$1.50 and $1.75 S.OO lO $7.00
Khaki Shirts Shirts and Blouses
For Scouts and Cadets For Boys
Boys Khaki Shirts and Blouses. Just arrived. Boys' Shirts and
The proper and only Shirts tor Blouses of Percales. Soisettes and
Scout and Cadet Suits. Madras, w ith and w iihout collar.
lf $1.50 and $2.00 75c to $2.00
(Main Floor.) (Main Floor.)
PLA Y S UITS FOR GIRLS
Cow-Girl and Indian Costumes
m
Co:iting el" Sk'it and Blouse of Khaki a reproduction of the
costumes worn by the CowUrls in tho movies all trimmed with leath
er, belt and h ds'.er wi;h vix shooter and rope.
Suit of Blouse, Skirt and Large Cow-Girl
Hat. -ALL FOR $1.75.
(.Men's Clot hint; Department. Second Floor.)
-4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
r- THREE
LABOR PITY TO
TEST STRENGTH
0!l APRIL FIRST
N. E. A. Special to The Review.
, CHICAGO.
On April 1 thousands and perhaps
tens of thousands of union workmen
-w ill lay down their tools in this city,
stopping much of the pulse of indus
try itself a vast demonstration of
power ia order to work at the polls
in the municipal election. They will
thre not onlv to rote, but to work
Tor and watch the count lor a compre
hensive' labor ticket.
Thi3 will make the strike the most
significant in-the history of this city
and perhaps in this county, for all
these men wil- be giving up one day's
pay t show their devotion to a cause.
Th- fact is that union labor in Chi
cago, disgusted vith municipal con
ditions and the trickery of the two old
rarties, has created a party made up
o; those who labor with their hands
or their brains, . It is not exclusively
a union movement. Anyone subscrib
ing.to its platform and contributing to
its campaign funds can become a mem
ber and wslcomc, t
Organised ?r January.
But the immediate sponsor of .e
movement is the Chicago Federation
of Labor. Under its uspices a con
vention was held on January 5, at
which a party constitution and plat
form were adopted, and on January 12
another meeting was held at which
John Fitzpatrick, president of the
Chicago Federation of Iabor, was
luuiianted for mayor; John Kilkulski,
famous as an organizer of the packing
house workers, was named for city
clerk, and Knute Torkelson for city
treasurer and a full ticket under
these.
For, mark you, these lobar leaders
were not born yesterday. They know
that a mayor without an aldermanic
hndv in svmnathv with him. is hog-
tied from the start. And they also
know, how helpless they are if reac
tionary corporations are allowed to
name reactionary lawyers for the
bench. So they are going after the
whole works, and have already thrown
a serious scare into the interests
which dominate the old Democratic
and Republican machines.
Party Is Democratic.
The new labor party is a demo
cratic outfit with a small "d." Any
labor union may join it by voting to
do so and paying 12 cents per capita
tax for each member per annum.
Members ol organizations thus af
filiated are also urged to come in as
individuals.
If they do so they pay $4 party
dues . .payable in advance quarterly.
Of thfe $2 soes to the campaign chest
r,f the nartv. The other $2 goes to the
party paper, which is sent to the new
member. - The paper is thus equipped
wit ha big circulation and financial
support from the start.
The constitution of the labor party
is equally democratic. Its workings
are in the hands of delegates and
executive committees. The initiative
and referendum are provided for all
questions and the recall can be in
voked when there is a dissatisfaction
with the members of the ruling com
mittees. And here Is proof that the union
leaders are not making a closed shop
of their new party. Any citizen of
Chicago may become a member in fujl
standing by signing this pledge:
"I, th eundersigned, recognizing the
necessity of independent political ac
tion by the men and women who be
lieve in political, social and industrial
democracy, hereby apply for member
ship in the Labor Party of Cook coun
ty. In all my political actions while
a member of the Labor Party I agree
to be guided by the constitution and
by-laws of the party."
Warren District
Nine Warming Up
For Cub Contest
cos
E
BOARD
IS
FIRST TO REPORT
Cocl.ise county's draft board and
medical advisory board were the first
In the state of Arizona to have their
complete records in the hands of the
adjutant general at Phoenix. C. V.
Harris, adjutant general, telegraphed
this information last night to Dr. C. IL
Hunt, chairman of the draft board.
All official records of the boards
have been forwarded to Phoenix, "the
last leaving here Friday evening. Yes
terday in Tombstone the office furni
ture and fixtures of the boards were
sold at public auction and the work
of the two branches of government
service has now been completed.
Members of the boards anticipate
relief from duty and official discharges
;on the last day of this month. Pend
ing the arrival of discharges they will
retain their membership, but without
duty, since they have completed the
tasks assigned to them.
The record of this county, declared
Dr. Hunt, is unique in that it is the
second largest in' the state and, that it
handled the second largest numbei
of drafted men.
SHOEMAKER BREAKS
NEW YORKER'S CUR
NEW YORK, March 22 J. Howard
Shoemaker of the New York .Athletic
club tied tonight with "William Tilt
of the Calumet club of New York for
the national amateur pocket billiards
championship by defeating Tilt in the
final game of the tournament by a
score of 125 to 72. Each player has
won five games and lost one. The tie
will be played off next Tuesday night
in a 125 point fame.
GROVER CLEVELAND ALEXANDER
Candidates for the Warren dis
trict's picked nine whiQh will
meet the crack Chicago Nation
al's championship organization in
the Warren park April 12, will be
gin working out today, prepara
tory to taking their swings at the
deliveries of Grover Cleveland
Alexander, star hurler of the
Cubs, has just returned from serv
ice with the American expedi
tionary force in France.
The district will have a strong
team on the diamond for the
game with the champs. Several
players have arrived here within
the past few days, and with those
who are due here before the date
of the jiame an aggregation of
near stars wille in uniform for
the game.
The sale of tickets for the game
is progressing well and assur
ances of a large attendance are
many. Programs have been com
- pleted, including the score card
and the photographs of , the 19
players on the Cub roster. The
mines of the district will advance
their change day to Sunday per
mitting men employed to attend
the exhibition, and other arrange
ments to assure the success of the
engagement have been completed.
Lieut. Duke of the U. S.A.
Gets Goat of German Major
N. E. A. Special to The Review
PARIS, France.
Sheer Yankee nerve and impudence!
That's what Lt. James H. Duke of Washington, D. C, displayed when
he was brought before the commandant of a German prison camp.
Duke got that officer's goat the minute he entered quarters, and
when he left he had drawn two weeks of solitary confinement, but he
went out grinning.
Duke was confined at Rathstatt.
He is in the aviation service and the German officer sent for him
to ask him about American planes.
Duke entered the major's office, looked about and saw the major's
spiked helmet hanging on the wall. He hung his own cap on the spike
of the helmet.
The major was furious.
"What did you do that for?" he demanded.
"Saw the spike there and supposed it was to hang caps on," Be re
plied coolly. . .
The major condemned his Insolence and when his wrath had sub
sided so he could talk, he began to ask about the Liberty motor.
Duke at first refused to answer.
The major sputtered and grew red wiLh rage.
' Duke seemingly relented, and asked for pencil and paper. He drew
a beautiful draft of the Liberty motor. He talked at length on its won
derful advantages. He told of America's advance in aviation. He drew
an expression of wonder from the major when he said the Liberty motor
could easily drive a plane 300 miles an hour.
"A peculiarity of the American airplane," he concluded, "is that when
it flies it flaps its wings like a bird."
Then the major blew up and Duke- drew his punishment for presum
ing to kid an officer of the Imperial army of Germany.
Tips of the Town
I ,
RUSSIAN FINANCE
TANGLE PROBLEM
BY CARL SANDBURG,
N. E. A. Staff Correspondent, Recently
Returned From Northern Europe
It is not easy to get a straightaway
answer to iae question, "How much
of a money stake did the allied na
tions put into Russia before the war
and during the war?
Tput this question to bankers, finan
cial editors and government officials
in Sweden and Norway. They said
Russia is so big and money matters
are so tangled, nearly everybody
knows sjomething and nobody knows
any thing about Russian finance.
France alone put $2,300,000,000 into
Russia up till 1912, according to one
Stockholm authority. His figues show
ed England to have $373,000,000 up to
1907, of which ?3SS,000,000 was state
loans.
The best that one ginancial editor
could do for my enlightment was to
cite a Russian statistician, M. Isch
chanian. He put foreign capital in
Russia in the year 1900 as amounting
altogether to 7,145,600,000 rubles. (A
ruble in normal times was worth 50
cents," though it ranges around 10 and
15 cents now.) This was split among
HEARS FROM VICTORY FLYER.
S.' T. Moss of Johnson addition re
ceived a card yesterday" from Corporal
Paul J. Prather, a member of the La
fayette Esquadrille, stating that he
was preparing, to take part in the
next victory loan campaign. Corporal
Prather is at present stationed in New
York.
NAVA
L BHEN TO
TRY OCEAN FLIGHT
(By Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, March 22. Six of
ficers of the navy and one of the ma
rine corps have been assigned to the
trans-Atlantic section of the office or
the director of naval aviation for duty
in connection with the preparation of
plans for the flight across the At
lantic ocean which is to be undertaken
soon by a big seaplane of the N-C type.
The officers are : ,
Commander J. H. Towers, ,in charge.
Commander R., C. Richardson, con
struction corps, experiments. ,
Lieut. Com. P. N. L. Bellinger, ope
rations. Maj. B. L. Smith, marine corps, ma
terial. Lieut. Com. G. de C. Chevalier, ope:
rations and liaison.
Lieut. Com. R. E. Byrd, navigation.
Lieutenant Barratt, aerographying.
Some of these officers will make the
flight but as yet the crew of the plane
has not been selected. "Five men very
probably will be the maximum number
to be carried.
Perfect Instruments
In addition to the two pilots, two
mechanicians will be necessary. The
commander of the ship will be the
navigation officer and since he will be
an experienced pilot it .has been sug
gested that he could take turns at driv
ing the machine. Many officers believe
the commander will find it necessary
to give all his time to navigation prob
lems. Several new instruments for use
during the flight have been perfected
at the navy department but these are
carefully guarded secrets. In the pre
paration of the plans close co-operation
is being maintained between the
naval officers and the weather bureau,
which will continue to prepare special
charts and data concerning atmos
pheric conditions, air currents and the
like.
Patagonia Mines
Active; Several
Strike Good Ore
Despite the fact that severaf mines
of the Patagonia district in Santa
Cruz county are laying off men, that
district is alive with work and several
good properties are now in the mak
ing, says Ed. Massey, deputy mine
inspector for the southern part of
Arizona, who returned yesterday from
a trip through Santa Cruz mining
properties.
Near Patagonia, declares Massey, at
least three properties are now open
ing up what promises to become rich
territory. The Three R mine, he de
clares, is preparing to suspend, while
the rich Powers property is again in
volved in court since the owner has
sought to stop leasers now irking the
mine.
"Outside this camp the PatagGnia
district is the liveliest and best in
all Southern Arizona." declared Mas-
say last evening. "They are making
a real mining country over there, and
before long they will have several big
producer?."
LANDED IN NEW YORK.
Word has been received here that
Anthony Dupen has landed in New
York from France.
GOES TO HOSPITAL.
Wilhelminia Attaway, of Jiggerville,
was yesterday taken to the C & A.
hospital for an operation.
SCHOOL MAN HERE.
L. N. Gooding, superintendent of
public schools at Willcox, arrived in
Bisbee yesterday to remain a few days
on business. Recent excitement in the
Willcox schools he reports hasentire
ly subsitd.
GUESTS AT COPPER QUEEN.
The following are guests at the Cop
per Queen hotel: H. Wilson, Allen
town, Pa.; Dr. H. A. Schell, Tucson;
W. C. Capron and F. S. Adams, Ana
conda, Mont.; C. H. Carpenter, Pitts
burg, Pa., and S. F. Spriggs and wife,
Clifton, Ariz.
FIVE JOBS OPEN.
J. C. White, chairman of the labor
community board, is in receipt of a
telegram calling for the services of
a man and woman to work on Fike's
ranch. Three laborers are also need
ed. Applicants should see Mr. White
at the Bisbee Smoke House on Main
street.
JURORS FOR SUPERIOR COURT.
August Swanson and Andy McCall
will go to Tombstone today to serve
as jurors in the superior court. Out
of 12 men listed. Deputy Sheriff Jack
Ryan was able to secure only two, the
remainder he learned had left the
state for Texas, Illinois and the coast.
FALL BREAKS ARM.
Charles, the 5-year-old son of Mr.
and Mrs. F. E. Gilpen, fell while play
ing near hisiome Friday night and
sustained a broken arm.
HERE VISITING.
Mr. and Mrs. Ira T. Kempton and
daughter Fay, are in Bisbee visiting
with their son and daughter J. A.
Kempton and Mrs. F. E. Gilpen- The
visitors are from Safford, Ariz.
WILL VISIT CADETS' CAMP.
C. F. Philbrook, superintendent of
schools, and W. R. Paul will leave for
Camp Logan today, where the high
school cadets are encamping. Many
parents of the cadets are also planning
a visit to the camp. The morning will
be devoted to religious services and
this afternoon a baseball . game will
be played.
HIGH SCHOOL DANCE.
The 1919 class of seniors who were
graduated last week were the guests
of the Bisbee high school alumni at a
dance given in their honor last night.
The high school auditorium was
crowded and several hundred stu
dents danced to the delightful music
rendered by- the Douglas jazz band,
who came to Bisbee for the occa
sion. The dance was the windup of
commencement week.
LARGE CROWD AT "Y" SHOW.
A boxing match staged between
John Hughes and John Meyers was
the feature at the entertainment given
at the Y. M. C. A. last night. More
than 300 persons attended. The Ford
Educational Weekly, depicting life in
New York, the first of its kind to be
shown in Bisbee, was among the
movies shown. Plan3 to show a Ford
Weekly picture every week have been
made by the secretary, E. A. Putnam.
VISITING HERE.
Sidney Smyth .county engineer, is
visiting in Tombstone toTay.
SERIOUSLY ILL.
The condition of Harry McCoy, who
is confined to his bea with pneu
monia, is serious.
INJURES LEG.
Attorney Allen English, of Tomb
stone, fell and injured himself while
descending steps in the Allen building
Hst night. He was taken to the Cop
per Queen hospital. The injuries are
not serious. Attorney M. I. McKilli
gan was with English at the time of
the accident.
MOTHER VISITING DAUGHTER.
Mrs. Blair, mother of Miss Hattie
Blair .teacher in the junior high
schools ,arrived in Bisbee yesterday
from Waukeenee, Kan., and will visit
with her daughter for a week.
SUMMON JURORS.
The following men have been sum
moned as jurors for the superior court
this week: Lording W. Vinsen, Chas.
Polti, Robert Farragh, Lew Supple,
Victor H. Cass, W. R. Marritt and
Thomas Henry.
TO TOMBSTONE.
C. R. Wood, Rod McDonald and Mrs.
Rock went to Tombstone yesterday,
whlie the following will go today: C.
A. Edwards. J. S. Stewart, John
Woods, W. R.. Merritt and August
Swanson.
EAGL ETH EATER.
Prices of admission in advertise
ment appearing on page two of second
section should read "any seat 25
cents," instfad of "reserved seats 35
cents." t
SERBIANS
REPORT
BULGARIAN
CR
E
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 22 Extracts
from reports of the international com
mission of inquiry which has been in
vestigating crimes and atrocities al
leged to have been committed by the
Bulgars on the Serbian population dur
ing the war were made public here
today by the official information bu
reau of the kingdom of Serbs, Croats
and Slovenes.
The reports charged that a reign
of terror, designed to exterminate the
Serbian people in the Macedonian and
Moravian districts was carried on by
the Bulgarians and that thousands of
civilians were tortured and massacred.
Official documents, the reports as
serted, prove conclusively that the
Bulgarian authorities gave orders
which were directly responsible for
the commission of the crimes. A Bul
garian bishop defending the policy of
the government, was quoted as say
ing: "There must be but one master in
the Balkans the Bulgarian people."
Murder Many
Atrocity after atrocity is related in
the reports. It was alleged that when
the Bulgarians passed through vil
lages all the influential residents and
the members of their families were
put to death as were old men and wo
men, and even nursing babies. Rich
men were tortured to make them give
up their money and valuables and
then were killed, it was charged.
The Bulgarians were particularly
cruel to women, it was stated, and in
stances were cited where the Bulgar
ians outraged and killed them in large
numbers.
Many instances were said to have
been reported by eye witnesses where
the Bulgarians in moving masses of
Serbians between interment camps or
from one town to another, butchered
the helpless victims. The Bulgarian
authorities were charged with having
been especially fond of beating wo
men, particularly the wives of Serb
ian officers and school masters, and
with having persecuted the Serbian
clergy with pitiless cruelty. Many
were burled alive, it was said.
STATE RECOGNIZES
COTTON INDUSTRY
B- Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., March 22. The
cotton industry of the state is defi
nitely recognized in house bill 111,
signed by Governor "Campbell today.
It allows the personnel of the agri
cultural and horticultural commission
from a director of the agricultural
college, a deciduous fruit man and a
citrus fruit man to a board consist
ing of three farmers, one of whom
6hall be a cotton man. The bill also
provides that the board shall employ
a secretary who shall rievoto all his
tim to the work.
64 Bills Await
Governor's Pen;
61 Are Approved
P.y Review '. leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., March 22
Sixty-four more bills still await
action by Governor Campbell, who
says he has until Tuesday night
either to approve or veto them.
Since the close of the legislative
session he has signed 61 measures,
but those which are attracting
the main public interest still are
not dealt with.
Among the bills which await
the official pen or axe are the
general appropriation bill with
its $12,0M).000 total for two years;
the highway commission bill, suc
cessor to that vetoed once before;
"the land bill, which is drawing to
the gubernatorial dess a flood of
telegrams urging him both to veto
it and to sign it, and the salary
bill.
outside nation as follows: France,
4,400.000 dubles; Germany. 1.920,000.-
000; England, 37.000,009; Belgium,
253,000,000; other European countries,
200,000,000. At the time these totals
were announced they were generally
believed to be a good deal under the
true figures. Also, the Outside finan
cial development of Russia has seen
its largest increases since the fore
going figures were given out. They
indicate, however, something of the
immensity of Russia as a field for the
stakes of Iore:gn capital.
Retween 1911 and 1913, there were
774 companies founded with Russian
capital. In the same period, foreign
ers came in and founded 82 compan
ies. So we see that just before the
big war came along, about one new
company out of nine in Russia was
started by outsiders.
It shouud be noted that the enter
prises started by foreign capital were
larger than those oi Russia. The aver
age share capital of the foreign com
panies was 1.736,000 rubles per com
pany, whil the average share capital
per Russian company was 1,220,000
rubles.
.We get a Hue on hussta as, a pio
neer in modern industry by looking at
these figures: Before 1S90 only 10
stock sompanies in Russia bperated
on foreign capital. In the next 20
years 215 new ones came in. And
between 1900 and 1910 there were ICO
more.
I talked with an American who
made the trip between Vladivostok
j and Petrograd. He jotted in his note
bock, "The country we went through
today was like Kansas." The next
day it was" Oregon, or Wisconsin or
j Montana.
i There Is land, coal, iron, climate,
j everything of physical resource, need-
I iui uic uiuKiiiKs ui a reai nation
jin Russia and Siberia. All they need
I now, on top of what they've already
got, is well, that's what the peace
j conference and the whole world is
talking about.
MIM A w
IA t HT.I0..1BM.-.W J
OKD ON
mmi i
Shoes
Q4 BM
Sp
ring Footwear for Men
You will soon be ready to buy your low shoes and Spring shoes.
We have our Spring styles on the flo or ready to shoe you, both in the BATES,
nationally advertised shoe, and the FAMOUS BOSTONIANS.
All sizes and widths to give the proper fit and comfort.
Prices from $3.50 to $10.00
Our MAKE GOOD policy insures SATISFACTION
LOWELL HABERDASHERY
LOWELL
r
usiness
Buy Your
Stationery
ulk
In
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and jvrappings ? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
. wish, made up into packages,' pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade of
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.65 per ream
(8jxl 1 inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopesall sizes
Ruled Index Cards
k - Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printing
Phone 39
Dep
artment
Upstairs
a FOUR
1HE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
Slit Sisbrx Batlij Hrurxu
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Ctmpany
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to It or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
PORTLAND Ml!
SAYS
BOLSHEVISM
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month
Three months
Six months ; , :
Twelve months '
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter
.? .75
1 2.25
. 4.00
- 7.50
. 2 60
. .75
No Subscription Taken for Les Than 75c
Tomorrow's Election
Every argument to be advanted favors voting for the city paving
. bonds in the election to be held tomorrow. Financial, social and com
munity questions all offer reasons for voting for the bonds. Not a single
.timely and valid objection to the bond issue lias been raised in the several
- weeks during which the election has been advertised.
Patriotism dictates a vote for .the bonds. Many good Ameilcan
citizens of the district, "now out of employment, will find work if the
improvements are made. The city operates under a state charter and the
state laws provide that only American citizens can be employed to do
this work." The government has called on cities to begin extensive im
provements to give labor for returned service men or others thrown out
of work. President Wilson, Secretary of Labor, Wilson and many others
have joined in this appeal. ' "
Civic pride dictates a vote for the ' bonds. If the main streets of
Bisbee are paved over their greater length this city will boast the best
streets in Arizona. In total miles of paving compared to total miles
of streets, Cisbee will lead the southwest. We may take pride in show
ing Bisbee to strangers and in calling attention to our thoroughfares.
. Society dictates a vote for the bonds. 1 The population at large will
benefit from them. Splattering mud in wet weather will no longer drive
men and women to shelter when an automobile approaches on Main
street if the paving is extended up Tombstone canyon. Windows of
the city's stores will no longer carry coats of smeared and splattered
mud. And shines will be less frequently soiled by wading through muck
in the business district. . ,
Economy dictates a vote for the bonds. The automobile owner will
save wear and tear on tires In one year which will pay for one new'
tire. The man walking along the streets will save on shoe leather.
The pocket book dictates a vote for the bonds. Property in every
part cf the city will increase largely in value, when the streets axe
paved. The costs of paving will be abnormally low. On each $100 valu
ation the first year the cost will be 32 cents. The final, or twentieth
year the cost on the same valuation will be 16 cents and the average
yearly cost will be 24 cents. ' In other words, the man with city property
valued at $1000 will be taxed $48 as his share of the improvement.
Now, deduct from this absolute cost the reduction in the city street
maintenance fund. The last city budget called for $16,000 for street
repairs. After the first year with paving, this will be sliced in half, and the
deduction of $8000 will lower each individual's taxes. Apply this saving
to the tax for paving. The result will be a cut of 50 per cent in the cost
of paving to the taxpayer, or approximately $24, with twenty years to
pay a little more than $1 each year for each $1000 city property valu
ation. ,
Common sense dictates a vote for the bonds. Every man knows the
value of community improvement, especially when It comes at a reduced
figure. Every person realizes the importance of extending municipal
improvements to meet the labor demands of the day. And the man who
has had dilligence enough to lay aside city property, knows a dollar
spent to improve his holdings will bring him better than nominal interest.
Tomorrow citizen -taxpayers of Bisbee will decide if they wish the';
paving. Everyone should exercise his or her . right to ballot on the
question. If a full vote is cast there is no danger pf the. proposition
failing.
Your Pride in Bisbee
Everyone is proud of the home town the town where he or she lives
and works and finds a bit of woe and a heart full of enjoyment. Most
people are willing to sacrifice for their home town, or fight for it, or
work for it.
You are proud of the little grass plot which several summers of
careful cultivation has' brought green from the barren hills in which
your yard has been carved. You water it and tend it constantly that
each blade may prosper. You put a vine at the front porch, a few trees
at the front fence and a half-dozen struggling fruit trees at the back
door. You guard them- even to the point of sitting up at night to "chase
the kids away."
When a new public building is dedicated you attend the services;
proud to be among the men and women who can claim this addition to
the city.
You are proud of every forward step your home makes, whether it
be social, .civic or economic.
That's why you are proud of your Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
Perhaps you never thought of it in this light. Perhaps you have
not realized before that these organizations are assets to your city.
Perhaps you have looked at them from a distance, through prejudiced
glasses with a wrong focus. You have thought you were seeing cor
rectly. But the fact remains that the associations are assets to the city and
assets in which everyone with civic pride rejoices.
In the first place they are the cause of increasing the city's large
buildings by two. To this extent they add to city valuation and tax
rolls. To this extent they add to the general appearance of the business
district.
Take away the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. buildings' from Bisbee.
Turn back the pages of yesteryears in your memory. ' They do make a
difference in the apiearance of School hill, don't they?
They reach out to take a part and an interest in the city's problems.
Perhaps you didn't realize that before!
Hundreds of foreigners in Bisbee receive instructions at the Y. M.
C. A. in English. Later they received naturalization courses. They
become citizens not the kind of citizen the ward politician used to
make in the saloon.
Men and women and boys- and girls, who through circumstances,
must work during days, are taken Into classes in which their educa
tion along special lines is conducted. The miner learns more of mining.
The stenographer picks up bookkeeping. The laborer fits himself for
clerical or office work.
You are proud of your schools. Arizona has the best schools in
the nation and Bisbee has the best schools in the state. The Y. M. C. A.
and Y. W. C. A. are as much your schools as the public institutions
your children attend.
You are proud of your Y. M. C. A., aren't you? And of jour
Y. W. C. A.? .
They will call on you this week for assistance.
Choosing Your Friends
One day a class in psychology asked their professor to define char
acter and this is bis answer:
"I can't define it. but I can tell you of what it consists. Character
is made up of little bits of the character of every person with whom you
come in contact in your daily lives. And. your character will be con
tinually added to from the personalities you are to meet in future years."
in other words, you will be getting a little knowledge from this friend
and that friend and the sum total of all this will make up your
personality.
And, as you can see. the person or persons you meet most often
will contribute to your character in greater proportion xthan ones only
met occasionally. :
It Un't so important to choose your general friends as it Is to
choose those that are going to be closest to you.
And, also, don't forget you are giving a part of your personality to
each person as a section of bis character.
The conference decision that Germany may have an army of one
hundred thousand, no more, means that Germany will have a nofficers
school containing one hundred thousand students.
IS REAL WE
v N. E. A. Washington Bureau,
t123-1134 Muncey Bldg.,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
"What can American cities do to
prevent revolutionary outbreaks like
that Seattle recently experienced?
I asked the question of George I.
Baker, the .fighting1 'mayor of Port
land, Ore., who came east to welcome
home returning Portland soldiers and
to attend the governors' and mayors'
conference fn Washington.
"Overthrow the radical element in
the labor organizations," was his an
swer. "The municipal authorities in every
city in the country should investigate
this question now. They should call
in the conservative labor leaders, the
sane men in the labor unions, and co
operate with them to stamp out the
bolshevist element.
MOVEMENT SPREADING,
DECLARES MAYOR BAKER.
"Soldiers and workmen's councils
are being organized all over this coun
try. Discharged soldiers who are un
able or unwilling to find work are
leading in the movement. They are
nothing more than Soviets, and they
aim to take over and operate all in
lustries, just as they threatened to do
in Seattle.
lf the movemei ha dnot been
crushed in Seattle by a J twl-f rsted
mayor and a newspaper that wasnt
afraid, the Seattle Star, it wouid have
spread all over this country like wild
fire! "Labor must be helped in displacing
the radical element that is trying to
control it. Officials must keep close
tab on all meetinsg held in their cities.
They must prevent the distribution of
seritious and revolutionary doctrines,
and stamp out this evil the moment
it appears.
"The heart of labor is not in this
movement; it is led everywhere by a
handful of men whose ideas are revolu
tionary, and who would overthrow this
government If they had the chaice.
NO BOGEY, BUT AN ' .
ABSOLUTE FACT. .
"I have heard eastern ..mayors de
clare that this bolsheviki menace is
only a bogey, and that it. will never
get anywhere.
''I tell you it is not a bogey.' It's
an absolute fact out west, and it ex
ists In the east, too. if the mayors
who call it a bogey, only knew it.
"The way to prevent it from' crop
ping out is to keep on the alert, and
to provide every man the opportunity
to make a fair -living.
"THE SUREST WAY TO PRE
CIPITATE A BOLSHEVIST MOVE
MENT. NOW IS TO REDUCE THE
WAGES OF THE WORKING MAN.
"Our boys are coming back in thou
sands. They have heard about the
high wages that have been paid over
heer while they were fighting for their
country in France. They are deter
mined to. en joy those high wages and
some of the other things they fought
for. ' .
"When the time arrives and the cost
of living, comes down where it be
longs, it will be time to reduce wages,
but it woul dbe a fatal mistake to do
so now." '
ELKS GIVE HELP TO
DISABLED SOLDIERS
Local Organization Working
in National Movement to
Aid Education
B
OLSHEVIK
ACS
A
LABOR LEADER IN
SAYS
SIBERIA
The Benevolent and Protective Or
der of Elks through its war relief
commission, has worked out with Dr.
C. A. Prosser, director of the federal
board for vocational education, a plan
tpr co-operation between the commis
sion and the federal board, under
which the Elks war relief commis
sion shall underwrite and finance a
Bublicijty campaign concerning the
work being done by the federal board
for disabled soldiers, sailors and
marines after their "discharge from
the' service.
Experience has demonstrated that
a great number of these discharged
soldiers, sailors and marines have not
learned of the liberal provisions
which have been made by the federal
government for compensation for!
their injuries, for their re-education I
when necessary, and for obtaining
suitable employment, and the war re-'
lief commission has set aside the sum'
cf $50,000 for the purpose of bringing1
before the service men and the pub-i
lie what the eovernment Dronoses to !
do for the injured men.
The commission has also placed at
the disposal of Dr. Prosser the fur
ther sum of $50,000 to be used in the
re-education of worthy disabled serv
ice men who do not come within the
purview of the federal acts, and they
also set aside $50,000 to be loaned to
disabled service men that they may
be promptly placed in training while
their compensation award is being
determined by the government
needing assistance along above lines
may be discovered, and assisted, the
local Elks lodge has appointed, at
the instance of the Grand lodge, the
following committee: T. A. Hughes,
John Foster, J. J. Dugal, A. M. Smock
and Dan B. Seed.
This committee desires to work in
connection with the Red Cross, with
civic organizations, employers' asso
ciations, labor unions and every one
interested in the subject.
Lieut. Col. John Ward, treasurer of
the General Federation of Trade
Unions 'n England, is seeing service
of bolshevism to convince him that
i it is all wrong. Col. Ward has writ
ten from Omsk, Siberia, this survey
of conditions in Russia:
Business Locals
' The Review office will pay for is
sues in good condition of February
18th. - M-20-dh-tf
GOVERNOR IN TUCSON.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 22. Gov
ernor Campbell said tonight that he
would leave for Tucson Saturday to
attend a meeting there on the 26th
of the newly created board of regents
of the University of Arizona. On the
27th he will addresB the state federa
tion of women's clubs at Yuma.
SPECIAL. SALE
On trunks and suit cases at Kobey's,
opposite the postoffice
M-23
10 PER CENT DISCOUNT
On all our .trunks and suit cases at
Kobey's, opposite the postoffice. M-23
Dr. Playrair, Osteopath, 38 Mason
hill. Mason hill car stop. 'Phone Blue
647. Adv.
BY LIEUT. COL. JOHN WARD.
OMSK, Siberia.
For the love of Allah, never more
talk of the glories of revolution. I
am in it here. Friend strikes down
him he thinks his foe and finfs the
dead man his brother. Princes, peas
ants, plutocrats, workmen, rich and
poor, go down together in one welter
of blood and dirt. ' The bolshevik!
thinks nothing of standing 500 social
revolutionists against the wall and
shooting them down before breakfast,
because of some small petty difference
of opinion as to whether the railways
should be national or communal. How
the gods must cry with rage that- men
can be so mad!
How ever any of our labor leaders
failed to grasp the bolsheviki creed
of blood, and presumed to condone the
horrors committed by this mob of fan
atical maniacs. I cannot imagine.
Rather pray heaven defend our old
country from such a calamity.
Murder to Prove
Love of Humanity. .
. I have" entered Ekaterinburg and
heard the bolsheviki shells hurtle
overhead. That is war; but oh! the
sight of the Cossacks pulling the
lumps of wood up out of the well
near where the czar was imprisoned,
with an occasional grand duke mixed
up with the timber! Then the end of
another! 'poor piece ol flesh recog
nized as a grand duchess, then an
other as the foreman at the nearby
ironworks, and then 'a few workmen,
all murdered and mutilated just to
prove the love for humanity.
I quite believe it was necessary to
destroy the old regime, to execute the
czar and all his minions, but these
swine whom we call bolshevikis are
mere blood-thirsty cutthroats who
murdered for the love of it. as some
of their proclamations show. Their
regime has destroyed more peasant
and poor people in one year than did
the czars in a hundred. War is hor
rible, but revolution is .hellish.
Kill Intellectuals
Even to" Schoolboys.
One other surprising siniiliarity be
tween czarism and the bolsheviki.
They both try "to destroy the inetllec
tual elements of their country. They
have made a regular onslaught on all
the . educationa institutions in the
country. I have so far not seen a
single educational institution from
Vladivostok to Ekaterinburg that has
not been the scene of bloody con
flict. Every cadet (1. e.. young school
boy) that the bolshevikis could lay
their hands on has been killed, even
where the ywere the sons of well-to-do
peasants. Sometimes they were
lined up and shot in hundreds. In
one batch, as at Irkutsk, the oldest
was 16.
It appears that the German agent3
have told the poor ignorant Russian
workman that the only way in which
he can keep the country in his own
hand is to destroy every educated man
in it. The work is being done thor
oughly wherever the bolsheviki rules.
The German idea is that if every in
tellectual man and boy is killed the
conquest of Russia by German kultur
is certain. Let us hope that this
diabolical boomerang will come home
to the inhuman villains who staretd it.
KELLY COMMANDER HURT.
(By- Review Leased Wire)
AUSTIN .Texas, March 22. Colonel
Claude Rhinehardt, commanding of
ficer of Kelly Field, San Antonio, was
seriously hurt here today in a fall of
the plane in which "he was riding at
Penn Field. His head was badly in
jured, according to hospital attend
ants. He was still unconscious early
tonight, but it is thought he will re-coyer.
SHERIFF CAPTURES . '
RUNAWAY QUARTET
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Aril, March 22. Dep
uty Sheriff John Roberts of Yuma
county left here tonight, for Yuma
with the two young Mexican girls,
ooth said to be under IS, and two men
who were arrested here yesterday fol
lowing a trip made by the four on
two " horses across the desert-from
Parke rto Wenden and thence to this
point by train. The girls said the
men" sold the horses to a rancher near
Wenden. Officers doubt the owner
ship of the horses. The men gave the
names Angel Orozco and Jose Gar
cia, and the girls Addie Kimble and ,
Carmen Molino.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
County of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate of William Henry Hocraffer,
also known as Walter H. Hall, de
ceased. . Notice Is hereby given by the
undersigned executor of the es
tate of William Henry Hocraffer, also
known as Walter H. Hall, deceased,
to the creditors of and all persons hav
ing claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within ten (10) months after
the first publication of this notice to
the said administrator at the office
of Hon. J. D. Taylor, attorney at law,
Bisbee, Arizona, the same being the
place for the transaction of the busi
ness of said estate, in said County of
Cochise.
O. H. MELHAGEN,
Executor of the . Estate, of Wil
liam Menry Hocraffer, Deceased,
also known as Walter H. Hall.
Dated at Bisbee, Arizona, this 15th
day of February, 1919.
First publication February 16th,
1919. Adv.
-GRAND:-:
MONDAY. MARCH 31
TUESDAY, APRIL 1ST
Harvey's Greater
Minstrels
40 PEOPLE
Band and Orchestra Big Creole
Beauty Chorus
The Greatest of All Minstrel Showi!
A Guaranteed First Class
. Attraction : ' '
PRICES: 25c, 50c, 75c, .$1.00, $1.50
PLUS WAR TAX . ,
- , w, ... V. ,; - . n
Clarence Powcail
ROCKH ILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. , Leave Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Biftbee 5. Adv.
Painter ' and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 456.
-4
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
BIG MASQUERADE
Palaminos - school, near Hereford,
Saturday, . March 29. Ft. Huachuca
band. Everyone welcome. M-29
Everyone is more than satisfied
with the auction sale. Still running
daily at A. Z. Megede, the Lowell jew
eler. - M-26
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
;
EVERETT TRUE
r
- -qno l QAve him Qoot)
Yow CjCKeO YOUR KlO FTR TAXtMG. Hi?
0WN PVRT I CllST OUT Awo SilAii M
You POOR i ji;. r
It
Costs iViore
i
: u '
"COR several years material and labor costs
have steadily increased, and all transporta
tion charges have been advanced. That means
that every operation in the giving of telephone
service has increased steadily in cost.
It costs more to operate a switchboard, keep the
books, do the billing and collect the accounts.
It costs more to install a telephone. (
It costs more to repair a telephone. '
.
K
It costs more to take out a telephone.'
It costs more to move a telephone.
It costs more to string a circuit, repair a wire
and to set a hew pole.
Every piece of equipment and every item of
supplies costs more. ,
And Meanwhile--
Our revenues maintain practically an even level.
The Mountain States Teleplipne
and Telegraph Company x '
i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
FIVE
-I
- t
j
i till DEFEATS
! CHICAGO IN HOTLY
i CONTESTED EVENTS
Maintains Slight Lead Diffi
culty in Annual Conference
Championship Indoor Track
and Field Clash
! (By Review leased Wire)
CHICAGO, March 22. Scoring In
I every one of the ten events, the well
l balanced team of the University of
j Michigan tonight won the western
i conference indoor track and field
! rhoTrtnlnneTi'n with 9 tntal nf 3(1 1.3
j points. Chicago was second with 34 1-2
and Illinois third with 18.
The remaining points were split up
i as follows:
Northwestern, 13; Purdue, 4 1-2;
-. Minnesota, 2; Iowa, 1 1-2, and Wiscon-
sin, 1. The victory was a repetition of
t!u Wolverine triumph in the event a
1 year ago.
j The meet was a bitter fight between
Chicago and Michigan, traditional ath
. letic rivals in the west. The teams
alternated in taking the lead and be
the relay, the last event, Mich
n led by four points. Chicago won
. -the relay but Michigan finished sec
) ond which gave the championship
honors to the maize and blue athletes,
t Carl E. Johnson of Spokane. Wash,
the 20-year-old "ace" of the Michigan
squad was the individual star of the
meet, scoring IS of his team's points.
He bagged a victory in the 50-yard
; dash breaking the tape in :05 2-5. The
j mark tied the world's indoor record.
. He won the 60-yard hurdles race in
:08 and took first honors in the run-
ning high jump with a leap of 5 feet
11 inches.
j The meet developed several spirited
' races, but the thriller was the two
' miles event In which Harry McCosh,
j champion of the Chicago team defeat
1 ed Sedgewick of Michigan in a re
markable finish at the tape. McCosh
nosed out the Wolverine by a scant
two inches after Sedgewick had led
practically all the way in the last
mile.
Over confidence lost the race for
Sedgewick. He made no effort to in
crease his speed in the last few yards
and McCosh came into the stretch at a
sprint, which gave him the victory.
Harry Eilisen of Northwestern, who
football fame at the Great Lakes
Naval Training station, upset predic
tions in the pole vault, clearing the
bar at 12 feet 4 inches. Bickert of
Illinois defeated Cross of Michigan,
thaLjavorite for second place.
One mile run: Won by M. C. Cosh,
Chicago; Long, Chicago, second; Cas
key, Illinois, third; Bouma, Michigan,
fourth. Time. 4:40.
j fifty-yard dash: Won by Johnson,
1 Michigan; Carroll. Illinois, second;
Cook, Michigan, third; Mills, Illinois,
i fourth. Time, :05 2-5. (Ties world's
i record).
440-yard run: Won by Kennedy,
t Chicago; Emery, Illinois, second; But-
- ! ler,' Michigan, third; Weber, North
3 western, fourth. Time, :53 4-5.
' 60-yard hurdles: Won by Johnson,
k Michigan; Hamilton, Northwestern,
I second; Jensen. Minnesota, third;
. Zimmerman, Illinois, fourth. Time,
' I :08.
Two-mile run: Won by McCosh, Chi-
cago; Sedgewick. second; Moore, Chi
j cago, third; Burr, Wisconsin, fourth.
5 Time, 8:48.
" t Pole vault: Won by Eicleson,
' Northwestern, 12 feet 4 inches; Buch
' eit, Illinois, 12 feet 2 inches, second;
Weibout and Cross, Michigan, tied for
i third, 11 feet 6 inches.
Half-mile run: Won by Speer, Chi
! cago; Lewis, Chicago, second; Martin,
Illinois, third; Birksolder, Michigan,
fourth. Time, 2:04.
Running high jump: Won by John
son, Michigan, 5 feet 11 inches; Linn,
Northwestern, 5 feet 10 inches, sec
ond; Wegherst. Purdue. Brigham, tied
- or third at 5 feet 9 inchest
J Shot put: Won by Smith. Michigan.
,41 feet 2 3-4 inches; Moorish, Purdue,
39 feet 5 inches, second; Walls, Mich
igan, and Georgas, Chicago, 'tied for
third.
a. One-mile relay: Won by Chicago
V (Kennedy, Harris, Hall and Speer);
Michigan, second; Illinois, third;
Northwestern, fourth. Time, 3:o z-tt.
1 3 -Cent Fare Will
' Not Help Arizona
(Continued from Page One)
agrsment, was allowed to remain un
t" he end or the war. Under the
to six cent fares which prevail in
state. Arizona is being made to
the deficits of the eastern lines
it is unfair and unjust. We in
to carry on our fight and we hope
iuccess, and particularly Walter li.
5, the present director general
le railroads, has shown a concilia
spirit. I do not expect, however,
we will be able to obtain a hear-
of our case inside of two or three
ths."
NO RATE DECREASE
(Bv Review leased Wire)
VN FRANCISCO. March 22.
increase to three tents a mile of
passenger rates which become ef
Ive April 1 will not affect fares
xcess of that amount where con
ins ehqw highe rfares justified, lo
officials of the United States rail
. administration said here tonight,
eviously it had been published
fares more than three cents a
would be reduced to the three
minimum. SPRING HAS COME
(By Review leas"l Wire)
San Antonio San Anlonio.
7 is, league, 2, S. 4; St. Louis Anier
s, 6, 7, 1-
Boy Trapper Is
State Champion
Pelt Collector
Noeales Youth Sets Record
During February for War
on Wild Beasts
(By Review leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz.. March 22 A
17-year-old boy, Hack Townsend
of Nogales, was February's cham
pion predatory animal hunter for
Arizona and probably for the
western states, while his father,
J. A. Townsend, set a new month
ly record for killing mountain
lions. This was the announcement
made today by M. E. Musgrave,
predatory animal inspector.
According to the official figures,
young Townsend killed 22 preda
tory animals in the neighborhood
of Aravaca during the 28 days of
February. The lad's bag consisted
of three big wolves, 15 coyotes
and four bobcats or lynx.
His father accounted for four
mountain lions, five coyotes, four
cats and one fox.
BANDIT PLAN AIMED
TO. TAKE LIIIE CITY
Mormon Leaders Declare Mar
tin Lopez Lives ; Rebels
Forced to Flee
(Continued from Pa One)
tion, and to bring to an end all rev
olutions." . WOULD CAPTURE JUAREZ.
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Texas, March 22. Fran
cisco Villa Felipe Angeles planned to
capture Juarez or some other border
port, according to a letter read into
the record fn the preliminary trial of
the Mexicans arrested near Socorro,
Texas, Wednesday night. The letter
purported to have been written by
Angeles' wife, stated a third per
son named Albert planned to join An
geles "as soon as you take a port of
entry such as Ciudad Juarez.
The letter spoke about "the boys,"
who, it said, "are marching' away to
take part in the struggle for democ
racy and liberty," ' referring to the
filibustering expedition, federal offi
cers said:
The letter closed with the injunc
tion:
Regards to Villa.
'Take good care of yourself and
remember your country needs you.
Give my regards to General Villa and
tell him I expect to have the pleasure
Of seeing him in Juarez."
Nine of the 18 men arrested by
United States army intelligence offi
cers were held pending a decision of
the federal commissioner. These in
cluded Federico Cervantes, Manuel
Icaza, Fernando Liceaga and Rafael
Iturbide, alleged to have been mem
bers of Angele staff. All .were
charged with violating the federal
neutrality law by setting on foot a
military expedition to Mexico.
MARTIN LOPEZ ALIVE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
COLUMBUS, N. M.. March 22. A
Mormon settler and his son arrived
here today from La Ascension, having
escaped from Martin Lopez's band of
Villa men during the battle of Bo
quilla del Marquesote, 12 miles south
west of La Ascension. The Mormons
said they escaped during the fighting
and had only meagre details of the
battle, but said they had been toldj
that it was Felix Lopez and not Mar
tin Lopez, who was killed during the
battle Wednesday.
Bandits Well Equipped.
They said another Villa officer was
known to have been killed, but his
name was unknown to them. The
Mormons said Lopez and his men had
plenty of American gold money when
they arrived at La Ascension in de
nominations of $10 and $20, evidently
a part of the $5,000 ransom paid for
the release of -Bunk" Spencer. They
said Lopez's band was short of am
munition and were forced to retire,
leaving the federals m the command
of the field. They said the Villa band
had more than 1,000 horses and mules
which had been . stolen from the
ranches in Northern Chihuahua.
REPORTS CONFLICT.
iJV'AREZ. Mex.. March 22. General
Zuazua. federal commfcnder who led
the fight against Martin Lopez's com
mand at Boquilla del Marquesote, tele
graphed to Mexican Consul General
Andres Garcia here today that the
bodies of the four Villa men claimed
to be those of Martin Lopez, Epifanio
HoUuin, Ramon Vega and Felix Marti-j
nez, were buried today on the battle
field after records of their scars and
other identifying marks had been
made. The federal general reiterated
his statement that the body of Lopez
had been positively identified by the
mayor of La Ascension as were the
others by residents of that district.
Consul General Garcia also insisted
tonight that it was Martin Lopez who
was killed and said no Villa comman
der named Felix Lopez was known.
adding that this was propably con
fused with Felix Martinez. American
Consul Dow also claims to have proof
of Lopez'3 death.
said they had information that Lopez
was alive and had rejoined Angeles
and Villa near Satevo.
HIS OPINION CHANGED
"I wish now I'd taken mother's ad
vice when she begged me not to mar
ry you."
"Did your mother try to keep you
from marrying me?"
She did."
"Oh. how I have wronged that wo
man!" Boston Transcript.
REDS CHEER JIBES
OF I. Y.V. SPEAKER
Five Thousand Attend Radical
Meeting; Coldwell Is
Platform Star
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. March 22 A sugges
tion that members of the National Se
curity league and United States
"sneakret" service be ducked in the
East River was cheered by nearly
5000 radicals who attended an open
air mass meeting here today to pro
test against imprisonment of Eugene
V. Debs, socialist leader, and other
radicals convicted of violating the
espionage act.
The suggestion was made by Joseph
Coldwell of Providence, R. I., who ex
plained that Russian revolutionists
had ducked all military police. Cold
well exhibited a dictograph with
which he said government agents had
obtained evidence with which to con
vict him of violating the espionage
law. He explained his presence at
the meeting by saying he was out on
$25,000 bail pending an appeal.
Another salvo of cheers greeted
Coldwell's' announcement that Debs
had declared he wanted "first, last
and all the time to be known as a
bolshevist."
Scott Nearing, socialist and former
college professor, who was acquitted
here recently of a charge of violating
the espionage act, was given an ova
tion when he urged that all American
workers unite in organization "of an
industrial commonwealth."
"This." he declared, "is the only
means you have of obtaining real free
dom. You must be ready to sacrifice
your lives to this cause tt need be."
Irwin St. John Tucker, another
speaker, proposed a nation-wide strike
on July 4 in protest against imprison
ment of Debs and other radicals.
The meeting was held under the
auspices of the city committee of the
socialist party. A. squad of police at
tended the meeting, but arrested only
one man, who was held on a charge
of littering the street with paper.
Striking garment workers invited to
attend a meeting here today at the
"Russian people's house" for the
avowed purpose of organizing "Sovi
ets" in all the city's garment shops,
dispersed when informed of a "tip"
that the police planned to raid the
meeting.
ROAD WORK ACTIVE
DURING PAST WEEK
Much activity characterized toad
building last week and Engineer S.
Smyth, assisted by a staff of survey
ors, are crowded with working out
plans. Construction work at Palomi
nas, north of Benson, east of Silver
Creek and keeping the road open be
tween Bisbee and Douglas is occupy
ing his forces. He is also maintaining
a survey crew out in the Webb coun
try.
Under present conditions the Co
chise county highway commission has
under way all the work it will con
tract under the million dollar bond
issue. The commission, which has
been in active service for over eigh
teen months, has made public a state
ment of expenses which is printed be
low. The expenses of five men on the
commission, including the secretary
member, and including an inspection
trip to California, has been $365.17.
The total expenditures of the com
mission since its organization, up to
March 4. 1919. have been $189,925.10
distributed as follows: Lowell, pav
ing (complete), J6.31a.64; Bisbee
Douglas ,Sec. 1. $37,729.26; Bisbee
Douglas. Sec. 2, $25,110.90; Bisbee
Douglas. Sec. 3, $20,612.98; Douglas,
east. Sec. 1, $1,193.33; Douglas, east.
Sec. 2, $1,278.57; Douglas, east. Sec.
3, 1952.90; Tombstone-Benson. Sec. 1.
$1,019.16; Tombstone-Benson, Sec. lb,
$9,826.32; Tombstone-Benson, Sec. lc,
$17,741.19; Tombstone-Benson, Sec. 2,
$15,871.64; Tombstone-Benson, Sec. 3,
$19,440.51; Benson, west, $706.29:
Pearce to Willcox, $S52.91; general
expenses, $12,802.28; equipment, $18,
471.22. Total. $189,925.10.
JURY STILL OUT
IN O'LEARY CASE
(By Rrview Leased Wlre
NEW YORK. March 22. The jury
which beard the evidence against Jere
miah A. O'Leary, former editor of the
anti-British magazine. Bull, and oth
ers at their trial here in federal court
on charges of violating the espionage
act, had failed late tonight to reach
a verdict after deliberating nearly 36
hours.
After receiving further instructions
from Judge Hand this afternoon the
jurors took a recess for dinner and
resumed their deliberations at S
o'clock.
At 11:15 when 'the jurors still had
failed to reach a decision, they were
locked up for the night. Deliberation
will be resumed tomorrow.
Before the jury was locked up for
the night. Judge Hand received a
note from the foreman stating that
the jurors had agreed on a verdict
as to one of the defendants on trial
with O'Leary, but would in his opin
ion be unable to agree on a verdict
with respect to one defendant.
After questionins the . ; jurors as ito
the liklihood' of reaching an 'agree
ment, 'Judge Hand 'appeared to be on
the point of discharging them. He
ordered them locked up. however,
when one juror told him he believed
there still was a possibility of reach
ing an agreement.
Today and every day read
Review Classified ads.
Death of Women
In Coast Cities
Linked In Clues
Mysterious Murder of Army
Nurse and Bombing of
Greenwood Home United
(By Review Leased VCire)
OAKLAND, Cal., March 22.
Two separate clues, unearthed in
the past two days, have linked the
' mysterious deaths of Miss Inez
Elizabeth Reed. San Francisco,
and Fort Riley, Kans., army nurse,
and Mrs. George D. Greenwood,
Oakland society matron, accord
ing to a police announcement here
today. Miss Reed's body was
found in a ravine near San Mateo,
Cal., on Saturday, March 8, follow
ing an illegal operation.
Mrs. Greenwood was killed by a
bomb at her home here last Tues-
i day night.
The clues are in the form of two
lists of names, one in a pocket
memorandum book, found in a
box car at Tracy, Cal., yesterday
bearing the names of Miss. Reed
and George D. Greepwood, the
slam matron's husband, and the
other found in the shack of two
men, taken into custody at mid
night last night, and bearing the
names of Miss Reed . and Mrs.
Greenwood. The box car list con
tained also the names of a num
ber of other prominent Oakland
people.
In addition to the two - men,
whose names are being kept sec
ret, Everett William Cantrell,
former chauffeur of the Green
woods, was detained in Stockton
for examination by an Oakland
police inspector and later re
leased. A trunk full of stationery and
letters found in the shack of the
two men was being examined
closely for any possible clues.
LABOR LEGISLATION
READY FOR TREATY
Self-Determination of Organi
zations Assured by
Plan Adopted
(Continued from Page One)
treatment were among the large num
ber of proposals submitted to the
peace conference commission of the
League of Nations, which met' at
headquarters this afternoon under the
chairmanship of President Wilson.
These and other propositions up to
this time reached a controversial stage
and ' the commission met tonight to
decide whether they would be incor
porated in the covenants. Members
of the neutrals have proposed to the
commission a large number of amend
ments). There are 30 amendments
from the neutrals, but they are largely
formal, except the Swiss amendment
concerning sovereignty.
The various plans proposed for
safeguarding the Monroe doctrine,
however, are the chief subjects of in
terest in American quarters.
FORMAL CHANGES.
(By Renew Leased Wire)
PARIS, March 22. The peace con
ference commission on the League of
Nations at its meeting at American
headquarters this afternoon, under
the chairmanship of President Wilson,
completed consideration of eight arti
cles of the league covenant, the
change sbeing formal.
The important amendments con
cerning the Monroe doctrine, the Jap
anese amendment for just racial treat
ment and the French amendment rel
ative to the creation of a general staff,
were deferred for consideration at the
next meeting to be held Monday at
8 : 30 p. m. y "
Tie Japanese amendment naa been
revised so as to be introduced into
the preamble and recites the" equality
of nationals of the states belonging
to the league.
(By Review leased Wire
TO REGULATE DANUBE
PARIS, March 22. 'The commis
sion of the international regime of
ports, waterways and railways met
this afternoon at 3 o'clock at the min
istry of public works," says the offi
cial statement issued this evening.
"The commission examined clauses to
be inserted in the treaty of peace in
regard to the regime to be applied in
the Danube. r
"The commission will continue the
examination of these clauses at its
next meeting on Monday, March 24, at
3 p. m"
GOTHAM MAN NAMED
CHURCH GUARDIAN
(Ily Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. March 22. Appoint
ment of Francis S. Bangs, a .vestry
man of Trinity church, as receiver of
the property of the Russian Greek
Catholic church in North America, by
the supreme court in Brooklyn today,
revealed the tact that Alexander Ne
melovsky, recently elected archbishop,
is facing a charge of usurpation of of
fice. The complaint was filed several
days ago by the Rev. John S. Kedrov
sky of Brooklyn, on behalf or 30 other
ministers.
It -alleges that Archbishop Nemelov
sky plotted with Sergius Snegrioff, an
other defendant, to drive the alleged
lawful archbishop Evdokim Nescher
sky out ot the country by publication
of defamatory matter concerning him.
j It also alleges that the defendants
I plotted to obtain control of $2.'W,
j of the church's property.
; Archbishop Nemelovsky was elected
to the office at a rerent conveutiou
of the church in Cleveland.
COCHISE SUBSCRIBES
HEAVILY FOR RELIEF
Raises One-Fourth of State's
Total for Near East
Fund. Drive
Showing a total of $25,SS3.75 sub
scribed to the campaign for relief in
the near east, the report of T. O. Mc
Grath, county chairman, has just been
issued. Bisbee and Douglas lead the
subscriptions with practically equal
sums while other smaller districts of
the county assisted in bringing up the
total.
Cochise county's subscription is
equal to one-fourth the extra state's
subscription. "This," declared Mr.
Grath, "is enough to stir the pride
of the residents of Cochise. They
have done their duty well in the call."
Following is the list of districts and
their subscriptions:
Bisbee $11.S52.63
Douglas 11,500.00
Tombstone S95.00
Naco 474.30
Benson 430.80
Willcox 323.36
Pearce & Mascott 225.51
Bowie . 113.50
San Simon . w . 50.65
Apache ... i S.OO
Elfrida 5.00
Fairbanks .. 5.00
Total $25,SS3.75
CAPPER
HOPE FOR LEAGUE
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
: TOPEKA, Kans., March 22. Sen
ator Arthur Capper, in a signed state
ment which will appear in the Sun
day morning issue of his paper, the
Daily Capital, endorses the league of
nations principle but declares certain
amendments are necessary, among
them one safeguarding the Monroe
doctrine and another assuring to the
United States absolute control over
the question of immigration. He de
clares the covenant should be revised
to make the meaning in these re
spects thoroughly explicit,-
He admits his belief that Kansas is
overwhelmingly for a league of na
tions and that he is emphatically for
it. because he believes it to be a
great step toward an enduring peace.
Approves Suggested Changes
Amendments proposed by Senators
Lodge and Knox and suggested by
former President Taft and Dr. Lowell
of Harvard, senator Capper said, he
approved in the main. He declares
that the league could not come as an
ultimatum from the president.
The senator also says that he favors
an amendment to the league consti
tution providing that no other nation
should have the right to say whether
American boys should fight on for
eign battlefields. He also expressed
the belief that the covenant be made
more definite as to when its obliga
tions may terminate, or be renewed
and argues that it should set a defi
nite period, regarding reasonable not
ice being given.
"I believe Kansas is overwhelming
ly for a league of nations. I am em
phatically for it, because I believe it
to be a great step toward an endur
ing peace which is the hope of the
world and which the world must and
will have.
Continuing, the statement reads:,
"The principle ana We idea are
right. Our isolation is no longer pos
sible. Real progress in the movement
3
EXPRESSES
I OVERSOLD EL PASO RANGER OIL AND HAD TO RETURN
. $10,000 TO DISAPPOINTED BUYERS IN BISBEE TODAY
The stock is $1.50 today and will double, as 1 told you, in one month.
This is to warn you in time to buy El Paso Burkburnet today. AU
this stock will go in one week.
In this, our Burkburnett Company, I have, a sure money maker. Small
capitalization. No promotion stock. 1 0 acres, and you can throw a
" ctone to a big producer in any direction from these leases. See the
photograph at Overlock's.
WE GUARANTEE TO DRILL 3 WELLS IMMEDIATELY
3 -Tracts-3 -Wells -3
WILL YOU BE ONE OF OUR STOCKHOLDERS IN ALL THREE
OF OUR WELLS?
In the field where there are no failures.
BUY NOW-DON'T WAIT
LEE BENHAM.
Capital $125,000 Shares $10.00 Each
J. O. Crockett, President J. EL Benton, Treasurer. . R. C Ware, '
Director 1st National Bank, Cashier President State Bank
of El Paso. First National, El Paso Plainview, Texas
SUBSCRIBE NOW TO L. J. OVERLOCK, OR COLLINS & BRETHERTON
BISBEE
J to prevent war and to stop military
t rivalry is America's demand. -
"I have no sympathy with the con
tention that league membership will
tend to involve us in war, instead of
keeping us out of war. 1 believe the
war-weary people of both continents
will support a military and an eco
nomic boycott against the first nation
which attempts to destroy another or
to again plunge the world into war.
That means thete must be an inter
national organization and agreement.
"It is for1 us to advance such an
agreement among the nations in every
possible way that will -lessen the
J chances of another war, and I shall
do my utmost to bring such an under
standing about. This does not con
flict with an equally important duty
but only emphasizes that duty, and it
must be clearly stipulated and under
stood that the American people do
not in any respect relinquish their
full direction of matters or questions
essentially or nationally American,
nor any of the constitutional rights of
congress alone to declare war should
our obligations or our duty compel us
to engage in war."
RIO JANEIRO, March 20. The
American squadron under Read Ad
miral Caperton, which for some time
has been paying visits to South
American squadron under Rear Ad
tcd States today.
Copyricfct rcciatcred. 191
Of Course You're Not a Chemist
. Fortunately you don't need to be a walking
encyclopedia in order to get the best out of
your battery.
The battery is really the easiest thing on
your car to take care of.
You don't even have to know what is
inside of it or what kind of chemical changes
go on.
All you have to do is to add pure distilled x
water once a week or so, keep the battery
charged, and don't overheat it. v
You can take your own hydrometer read
ing if you like. When readings seem too low,
or your start lacks snap, drive your car
around and let us locate the trouble,
Lotamam & WrfgM
BATTERY EXPERTS, LOWELL
A Complete Service Station at Your Disposal
We test, repair and re
charge storage batteries,
nd always carry a full
supply of battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries.
liinefi
HUNS REFUSE PASS -
TO POLISH FORCES
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
COPENHAGEN. March 22. At a
meeting of the armistice commisison
on Thursday, General Baron von Ham
merstein transmitted a note to Gen
eral Nudant, Marshal Foch's represen
tative, according to a Berlin dispatch,
saying that the German government
could in no case permit Polish troops
to land at Danzig and pass through
the country, as it would lead to an
attempt to bloodily oppress the un
doubted German majority in west
Prussia." The note said the govern
ment also refused to permit allied and
Polish officers to travel unrestrictedly
without supervision In the territories
east of the Vistula.
General Nudant remarking that the
note categorically rejected all the pro
posals and demands of the associated
governments, said he would transmit
it to Marshal Foch.
LONDON. March 22. General Nu
dant, representing Marshal Foch at a
meeting of the armistice commisison
Wednesday, announced that the en
tente had declared the German pro
posal that Polish troops be landed at
Koenigsberg, Memel or Libau, instead
of at Danzig, according to a German
wireless despatch received here to
night. 4V
3 r!25:v
i kv wa v i - SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
"The Girl of the Golden Apple" Tells
How to Develop a Beautiful Neck
The Churches
Four famous artists James
Montgomery Flagg, Howard Chan
dler Christy, Penrhyn Stanlaws
and Harrison F'sher gave the
"golden apple" of beauty at the
annual Ch Chin Chow ball in
New York to Miss Edith Hyde. Miss
Hyde is now telling Bisbee wo
men her beauty secrets in a series
of 18 articles written expressly
for The Daily Review, and illus
trated by photographs of Miss
Hyde herself. This article is the
second.
"Th Girl of the Golden Apple."
Great care should be given the neck.
It is easier to protect the neck from
cold, the sun and dust, than the face, j
Ribbons" and furs worn around the j
neck should be carefully selected as
they often contain substances deleteri-j
ous to the skin. i
If you can stand it always leave j
the neck uncovered. Everything that j
restricts tightens it tends to makef
the face red.
Frequently massage your neck. The
process for the neck i3 the same as
that for other parts of the boJy. Al
ways use a certain gentleness. The
different . procedures are: Gently
stroking, pressing, kneading, patting,
beating, pinching and shaking the
skin. t
Exercise your neck. Do this by
bending ;the bead every night and
morning ten times to the right and!
ten times to the left. Also bend thej
head backwards and forward the same
number of times. This will improve j
the blood circulation and the color of
the skin, give fullness if the neck is
thin and reduce an excess of fat if j
there be . any. ' j
- j' ; .... v - , -.
Vx - ' 7
. . ."".
Notices to appear in this column
hereafter must be in The Review
office not later than Friday eve
ning of each week. Notices re
ceived after that time cannot be 5
used.
CITY TO VOTE ON
TOMORROW
ill
111
BONDS
THE. D0UGH8CY
T- WEEKLY PIMTI3.H CF THE 715 GALE, f
'vxiK-K; VITTH THE ARV.Y OF CCCi. PATiOS IN GET, MVNT
-
Tomorrow the registered taxpayers
!of L5isloe will have the opportunity
'lo vote on tbe question of the citv's
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ' nd lssue to USO(l for street im
Sunday School 9:43 a. m. jprovements. Only those taxpayers
Morning Worship 11 a. m. Sermon , e. u P Marcn 14 w,u
topic: "The New Era in Church and" u. u ' a"" lKe resu" tf
Nation."
Solo, Mrs. Dan
the votes.
Fear ' Yo,:nS Places will open at 6 o'clock
Ye -Not O Israel" (by Dudley Buck). I . 'ns nu m nose at t
OConnell.
Evening Worship 7:20 p. ni. Ser
mon Topic:
Spiced Life."
The Lust of a Highly
ALLAN KRICHBAUM.
Pastor.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:4o a. m.
Morning Prayer and address 11 a.
m. Subject: "Conversion."
Thursday, choir practice S p. ni.
KriJay, Lcnien service S p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE,
Rector.
News of Social Circles
I Whitelev. E. P. Irvinr Willinm r.n)if.
Ming, G. J, Mitchell, J. S.'Dymock, R.
1. Pelton. E. H. Broughton, A. J. Blam
! forth and Miss Jane Irvine. Several
f friends came in for tea.
Bisbee O
Warren
82 Lowell
The cozy tea room, that delightful
Fourth Liberty Loan the women of
Cochise county gained subscriptions
amounting to $1.2SS,600.
place where one may chat with her
friends over a cup which stimulates.
is in prospect for Bisbee. The pos- j TWENTIETH CENTURY
sible enjoyment of such a place can- j CLUB SOCIAL MEETING.
not be' reckoned in the abstract but ! Business was considered
it is safe to assume that the women!
of the Warren District are much like!
i
women everywhere and that seems to
insure the success of the venture.
The "plan is a bit hazy as yet hav
ing given way to the more immediate
work incident to the opening of the
Blue Triangle cafeteria which, by the
way, is the Y. W. C. A. cafeteria with
a new name. One must admit that)
iufie is an auracuve suggestion "''AID ;nriPTV ucftc
i .
quickly
and the members of the Twentieth
Century club enjoyed a social meet
ing Tuesday afternoon. Games were
in order and older members of the
club were given the opportunity to
meet those who recently had been
admitted to membership. Hostesses
for the day were Mrs. R H. Cochran,
Mrs. J. T. Quick and Mrs. J. W. F.
Smith
: METHODIST LADIES'
tTiA n a m A i t Gooma t r rir tr in if c
wake hints of wholesome well cooked ' The Ladies Aid Society of the
things to eat and surroundings which I Melodist church met at the home
aid in fostering the appetite of even;" Hawes of Warren on
the most fastidious. And it is all . f.,, " 11 was a soclal afternoon
bound to come true if the casual j w"h Mesdames Hall, Perry, Enochs
looker-on can oroDhecv with anv rie-!and Krebs as hostesses. The follow-
gree of accuracy.
Which-is a rather indirect way of
introducing Mrs. Belle Crane-Des-champ,
new director of the cafeteria,
a Southern woman with the character
istic ideas of hospitality and the con
viction that even a cafeteria need
not be a cold cheerless place. ,
For 'several months Mrs. Deschamp
was director of the cafeteria at the
hostess house which the Y. W. C. A.
established at Camp Doniphan, Fort
Sill, Oklahoma. Known as "Miss D"
to the boys of the Thirty-Fifth Di
vision who were stationed at the
camp, she represented the element of
home, skilfully weaving into the in
stitution touches which suggest the
family life 'rather than the pay-for-what-you-get
spirit which might so
easily have become resident there.
When she left the camp to take a
rest she was determined to inject the
same idea into whatever cafeteria
she managed. Since her arrival in
Lisbee she has had the vision of the
homelike cafeteria and its supple
mentary tea room of the future.
One is inclined to believe that the
enthusiasm with which Mrs. Deschamp
has taken up the task is a guaran
tee of success. Aided by a broad
vision and knowledge of the needs of
the business woman, because she is
one of them, she is able to plan in
telligently and to tne purpose.
The cafeteria opened this morning.
For days things hare been moving
swiftly and the sprmg housecleaning
has brightened up the -.rails, ceiling,
floor and tables, to say nothing of
dishes, which are new and shining
for the most part.
ing were present: Mesdames All-
bright, Berry, Baldwin, Clark, Coch
ran, DeBorra, Gardner, Grace, Hall,
Harshman, Hicks, Krebs. Main, Mc
Gauhy. Perry, Quick. Taylor, Warm
ington. White and Miss Carpenter.
The next meeting will be held
Thursday afternoon at the home of
Mrs. Hall in Warren.
MEDALS FOR WOMEN
WORKERS IN LOAN.
The treasurer of the War Fund
Committee has 2.000,000 medals made
from the metal of captured German
guns. They will be given to" the wom
en workers in the Victory Loan drive.
To the women of Cochise county
comes the call to rally once again to
the support of a drive the Victory
Loan which begins April 21. The call
Is Issued by Mrs. Sam H. Kyle, the
county chairman, who is anxious to
impress the urgency upon the women.
It is to be regretted that the signing
of the armistice brought so great an
apathy upon the heretofore energetic
and enthusiastic workers. If they
thought about it at all. they must
have reasoned that the post-war work
was to be accomplished by magic
and needed no further escort from
humans. In contrast to this some
what prevalent idea, comes the call
to take up again the work which has
been allowed to lag.
Women workers will bd needed for
the Victory Loan drive. Still the
same important factor in putting it
over the top, they must work with
the same energy that has character
ized thir efforts in the pat
ST. JOHN'S CUILD.
St John's Guild will meet Wednes
day afternoon at the home of Mrs.
wnite m Quarry Canyon. Further
plans will be made for the
which will be held April 8.
bazaar,
Anona Club Dance.
Invitations to a dance to be held
next Saturday evening at K. of C. hall
are to be sent out by the Anona club
this week. The club will meet tomor
row evening with Mrs. W. F. Cowan
to complete plans for the event.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science meet
ings are held in Warren every Sun
day :r. the public hall opposite C. &
A. offices. All are most welcome.
The meeting today will be held at
11:30 a. m. Subject: "Matter."
WARREN UNION CHURCH
The Warren Sunday School meets
at 10 o'clock every Sunday morning.
Preaching service Sunday will be
at 7:30 in the evening.
Sunday School at South Bisbee will
be at 2 p. m.
Sunday School at Don Luis will be
at 10 o'clock in morning.
A cordial invitation is extended to
everyone to attend all our services
Come you are welcome.
THOMAS A. MITCHELL,
Minister
Red Cross Salvage.
Don't forget the Red Cross salvage
drive. Anything which could be de
voted to immediate use or sold to aid
the treasury fund is sought by the lo
cal chapter. Have a salvage box in
your home, put the things you don't
need in iL If you cannot take them
to Mr. Woods' shop on the Naco road
next to the B. I. warehouse, if it be
anything but clothing, or to the Red
Cross shop, if your contribution is
made up of garments, phone 426 and
the bundle will be called for and de
livered at the proper place.
LABOR BOARD WILL
ASSUME HARD WORK
of
in
the
the
LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
The Ladies Aid Society
Baptist Church will meet
church parlors Thursday afternoon at
2 o'clock. The food sales which are
being conducted by the society on
Saturdays at the Angius store will be
continued indefinately.
LEAVE FOR COAST.
Mr. and Mrs. V. F. Hicks left
Wednesday 'night for Sacramento.
Mrs. Hicks' will remain' there and Mr.
Hicks will go to Seattle. They ex
pect to make their home on the
coast.
VISITS IN EL PASO.
Mrs. G. H. Dowell spent last week
visiting in El Paso.
WOMAN'S CLUB TO MEET.
The Woman's club will meet Fri
day afternoon. Mrs. C. F. Hawley
and ' Mrs. Gerald Sherman will be
hostesses.
Birthday Party.
A birthday party in honor of their
nephew, Herbert Fenner, was given
by Mr. and Mrs. Scanland, at their
home last night. A large birthday
cake adorned the table and many col
ored candles served to help decorate
the room which was trimmed with
Easter decorations. The young
nephew received many pretty and use
ful presents. The guests were Her
bert Fenner, Polly Stewart, Aline M.
Stewart, Adelaide Scanland and the
hostesses, Mr. and Mrs. N. W. Scanland.
Because of the discontinuance of
the local office of the United States
department of labor, the work which
is considered of such importance in
this district, will henceforth be car
ried on by the labor community board
of which J. C. White is chairman and
J. R. Wilbert is secretary.
The service will remain the same as
under Mr. Ashurst and no charge will
be asked of the employer or employe.
It will facilitate the. work of the of
fice if employers will notify J. C.
White, 'phone 191, of their needs of
labor land tin effort will be made
immediately to supply the demand.
Men looking for work are asked to
communicate with Mr. White.
All telephone calls and busirjess
during the day relating to employment
should be made to Mr. White. After
5:30 o'clock in the evening Mr. Wil
bert will attend to the business in the
Miners 'union hall. A typist and cor
respondent desiring to offer his serv
ices for one or two nights a week
will materially assist the work now
undertaken by the board.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SERVICES
The Christian Science Society ol
Bisbee, Ariz., holds services at the
Odd Fellows Hall every Sunday morn
ing at X o'clock. Sunday School at
iu o ciock, ana eanesday evening;
testimony meeting at S o clock. The
public is welcome and invited to at
tend. Subject for Sunday, March 23,
"Matter."
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m. A class
for everyone.
Morning service, 11 o'clock; sermon.
"The Sacrifice of Christ" Evening
service 7:30 o'clock; sermon, "The
Inspiration of the Bible." "v-
Prayer meeting Wednesday night.
WM. H. MATTHES." Pastor.
Bell Is Awarded
Damages in Suit
Against Bisbee
R. H. H. BLOME WILL
RESIDE ON COAST
R. H. H. Blome, principal of the
Bisbee high school, resigned his posi
tion yesterday and left on the Golden
State limited last night for Los An
geles, where he will remain for the
benefit of his health.
Mr. Blome made many friends in
this district during his stay here.
He accepted the vacancy as principal
of the high scuool caused when E.
Q. Snider joined the service. Snider
is now stationed at Charleston, S. C,
where he is dramatic instructor in
the naval school.
Miss Hattie Malam, who is vice
principal of the school, will act as
principal until Mr. Snider returns.
Mrs. Woods Entertains.
As a compliment to her niece Mrs.
E. II. Hatch of Eveleth, Minn., is visit
ing here. Mrs. Charles R. Woods en
tertained at bridge yesterday after
noon. Her" guests were Mesdames
Cleon Knapp. Frank Wheeler, E. M.
Gallagher and Hatch and the Misses
Mabel Baur, Hazel Judson and Desmond.
Hostess at Bridge.
Mrs. J. E. Curry was hostess at a
chain bridge given at her attractive
home Friday afternoon. Playing at
the tables were Mesdames C. M. Lvnn.
In theJahn Mason Ross, Williamson, E. E.
TO CONTINUE PROBE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
DE8 MOINES, Iowa, March 22.
With the adjournment today until
Tuesday of the Iowa house judiciary
committee's investigation of the Rath
bun pardon case, it was indicated that
the committee subsequently would
continue next week.
Governor W. L. Harding will be the
first witnes sexamined when the hear
ings are resumed.
RECEIVE BENEDICTION.
(By Review Leased Wlre
NEW YORK, March 22. Apostolic
benediction from Pope Benedict XV
was contained in a cablegram received
today by the New Y'ork chapter of the
Knights of Columbus in response to
a message of thanks for appointment
of Archbishop Hayes as head of the
New Y'ork archdiocese.
Phone today and have The
Review come to you regularly.
William R. Bell, who sued the City
ef Bisbee for $25,000 for personal injuries-received
when he fell into an
(unprotected jsubwaf, was awarded
judgment in the sum of $4,000 by a
jury in Judge A. C. Lockwood's court
yesterday afternoon. Attorneys Kyle
and Sutter represented the city, while
Attorneys Flannigan and Murry rep
resented Willard.
Bell set up that he was walking
home on a night in November, 1917,
when he fell" into a subway at the
rear of the Imperial confectionery and
sustained a broken leg.
The hearing was commenced Fri
day morning. This is the second case
of a similar natture in less than a
month wherein a jury awarded the
receives further information.
of which there are three, will have
Mine voting place and are designated
jas follows: First ward, office of city
cierR. city hall; Second ward, M. C.
High's office in the Allen block, for
merly used as a court room; Third
ward, the real estate oftice of Hogan
& Seed, on Main street.
The question in the ballot will be
whether voters approve of the city
flo;:tin a bond issue of approximate
ly 2uJ.0('0 to capitulate the street pav
ing. Should the bond issue carrv, it
rwill mean that many men especially
those r.o have seen service will be
given employment.
Following are the election officers
as provided in the official call for
election :
FIRST WARD
Inspector, George W. Stewart.
Judges, John Caretto and Geo.
Bunker.
Clerks, Mrs. Kate LaMore and Chris
Datovich.
Marshal, J. L. Brooks.
SECOND WARD
Inspector, H. M. Woods.
Judges, A. W. Ecker and I. W. Wal
lace. Clerks, E. A. Wittig and K. II.
Acord.
Marshal. M. C. High.
THIRD WARD
Inspector. W E. Baugb.
Judges, J. S. Williams and Griff J.
Williams. t
Clerks, Mrs. V. M. Wacek and Dan
B. Seed.
Marshal, John W. Hogan. .
In a statement made by Mayor
Jacob Erickson last night denying the
rumor that should the city bond issue
pass a number of foreigners would be
brought here to work on the streets I
in preference to Americans he said: j
"The rumor is absolutely false and j
so ridiculous that it should be passed
up. I am determined tnat only Amer-1
ican citizens will be employed on j
street construction work, and even j
then preference 'will be given to
Americans who have resided in this
district for years."
P. H. Hollock, city engineer, said '
a stringent state law provides that j
enly American citizens shall be em-!
ployed on street construction work inj
the cities. The general rule with i
contractors is that theyemploy the'
labor they need in the di'strict where '
the improvcements are to be made, j
And with the exception of his staff,)
consisting of a few clerks and sur- j
veyors, this rule is upheld.
City officials are at a loss as to how j
the rumor started, but they beiieve ;
it to be so absurd that practically no ,
attention has been paid to it. j
rrvmt Kir
F!:.ST 1 S UuSS THE VESLE
- r.M.( M-W awi.r a
IW -
IS, ; . - -
SHR.UWI.L
"I "
- i
!
Ford Cylinders Rebored
and Pistons Fitted
HEAVY SNOW STORM
VISITS NEW MEXICO
EAST LAS VEGAS. N. M., March
22. This section of the country has
been visited by the heaviest snow
storm in years. At Mora four feet
has fallen since Thursdav nieht.
Houses are collapsing and people are i
turning out o help .each other save j
property. Thirty inches of snow has !
fallen here in the laSt 4S hours and !
it is still snowing tonight. Many
buildings - have collapsed here and
electric light and car service is. stopped.
S10
Acetylene
Welding
Cochise
Motor Co.
ED SIMMONS, Prop.
Fhone 444
ATTE
RIES
epa:
it
Replaced
Experienced battery men, first class equipment, fair and
honest treatment. These are at your service.
DISTRIBUTORS
Prest-6-Lite Batteries
and Savage Tires
McCoy & Kinmore
JOHNSON ADDITION
SETS NEW RECORD
Bv Review Lease-1 Wirp)
BALTIMORE, March 22. in the big
indoor athletic meet here tonight in
which there were 544 entries, F. Pol
lard (scratch man) of the Meadow
brook club, Philadelphia, made a new
indoor world's record for 100 yards
low hurdles in 11 2-5 seconds.
G
OLDS
Head or chest
are best treated
"externally" with
YO'JR BODYGUARD" -305. 60. $1.20
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE '50
Residence, Black 333
SUITS CLEANED AND PRESSED
$1.50
CITY DYE WORKS
Phone 739 Opp. Y. W. C. A.
Stock Market Digest
No. 61, Just Issued
Contains late and detailed informa
tion on leading Arizona Copper
stocks. Midwest Oils, and leading
active stocks of Los Angeles Stock
Market, r
These Digests issued regularly ok
the 1st, and 15th of each month,
are of inestimable value to inves
tors, offering a fund of market in
formation vitally affecting the ac
tive securities of this, the Arizona
and New York Markets.
Three .months free subscription
upon request.
THE STORY OF TEXAS OIL
In response to the country-wide in
terest in the wonderful Ranger,
Burkburr.ett oil fields of Texas, we
have- published a booklet relating
in an interesting manner the story
of the over night fortunes being
made, the growth of a village to
a city in a matter of weeks, the
many opportunities existing for the
investor in oil securities, and in
general, a brief history of the won
derful Texas oil boom as it exists
to date. Copy free upon request.
Wilson Lackey & Co.
STOCK AND BOND BROKERS
ORDERS EXECUTED ALL
EXCHANGES
414 I. W. Hellman Bldg.
Los Angeles, Cat. Main 2751
'Quick, Satisfactory Service"
MANHATTAN CAFE
BREWERY GULCH
(One block up from Grand Theater)
The leading restaurant in Southern Arizona.
BANQUET ROOMS FOR PARTIES
SPECIAL DINING ROOMS FOR FAMJL1ES
AND LADIES
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT Phone 165 for Reservations
LA,.,....
MM .
MARCH 23RD. 1919
75c SPECIAL FRENCH SUNDAY DINNER 75c
SOUP
Chicken Broth with Rico '
RELISHES
Ripe Olives and Tontntoes
SALAD X
Waldorf
MEATS
ROAST YOUNG CHICKKX. C.IBLKT SAUCE
VEGETABLES
Mashed Potatoes Fried Hominv
DESSERT
' Fresh Apple Roll, family stvle '
'DRINKS
Coffee or Tea
Review Want Ads Bring Results .-l-!i
4
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 270.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
" i.VaNi.i1;...-
vim i -
PHOPHYRIES
Income Yield in Several In
stances Remains High; Ac
tion Not Unexpected; Com
panies Effect Biir. Savings
The reduction In the so-called por
phyry dividends last week brings the
total of copper companies that have
reduced their dividends since the New
Year to nine. Earlier in the year
Quincy, Calumet & Arizona, Wolver
ine, Greene-Cananea, Copper Range
and Allouez declared dividends at re
duced rates.
Even with the reduction in the divi
dends on the shares of the above-men
tioned copper companies, the income J
yield in several instances continues
high. Greene-Cananea, for instance,
paying at the rate of $ a year and
selling at around 42, nets 14.3u per
cent on the purchase price. Wolverine
at 16 1-4, and paying $2 a year, nets
. 12.30 per cent. Of the porphyries
that reduced their quarterly rates yes
terday. Chino will net the purchaser
close to 9 per cent on the reduced divi
dend rate, Nevada 9.37 per cent, Utah
Copper 8.63 per cent and Ray 10.06 per
cent.
It is a singular coincidence that
Allouez and Copper Range, two promi
nent Lake Superior coppers, should
be selling at the same price and pay
ing the same annual rate of dividends.
Both closed yesterday at 40, and with
dividends at the reduced rate of $4 a
year, the income yield on each stock Is
exactly 10 per cent.
The following is a list of copper min
ing companies that have reduced Jheir
dividend rates since January 1, 1919,
with the annual dividend at the re
duced rate, the annual rate before the I
reductions:
Present
annual rate.
Allouez $4
Cal. & Arizona ..4
Chino 3
Copper "Range . . 4
Greene Cananea 6 '
Nevada Cons. ... 1.50
Ray Cons 2
Utah Copper 6
Wolverine 2
Previous
annual rate.
? 6
s
4
6
8
10
4
The action of the porphyry directors
came us nu Miipuac tu iul niianviui
district. Because of the extremely un
favorable reports for the final quarter
of last year, during which none of
he companies was able to earn its
iividend requirements, as well as the
knowledge of the lack of business dur- j
ing the last quarter of this year, there ;
were many observers who expected j
more drastic reductions than were de-1
cided upon. j
The point has been made right along ;
that if the companies made such an j
unfavorable comparison for the final
three months of 1918. the reports for
the first quarter of this year would
be even worse. Therefore It is main
tained that the copper companies will
beyKrompelled to draw upon their cash
resources for operations during the
present period of stagnation.
While, of course, no one is in a posi
tion to state accurately what will hap
pen in the future, it is the fairly gen- j
eral belief that, unless there is a de- i
cided change in the copper metal mar-
ket in the next few months, further ;
reductions in the distributions to the
stockholders will be absolutely neces
sary, with the possibility that some
dividends of copper companies will be
passed.
The reduction in the dividends by
the so-called porphyries, will effect a
saving to Utah, Ray, Chino and Ne
vada Cons, companies this quarter of
$2,986,075. in comparison with the
amount disbursed in dividends the
preceding quarter. The reduction in
the quarterly rate by Utah Copper
from $2.50 to $1.50 will mean a saving
ot $1,624,490 to that company; Ray
by reducing its quarterly rate from
75 cents to &0 cents w ill save $394,294;
Nevada Consolidated's reduced rate
will call for $749,796 less this quarter
than the previous quarter, while
Chino with a 25 cent reduction in its
quarterly rate stands to save $217,
495. Utah Copper in the last quarter of
last year earned $2.05 a share and dis
bursed $2.50 a share, which resulted
i - Ar;it tr (ho nnartpr of 1729.-
REDUCE DIVIDENDS
SINCE JANUARY 1
497 a $2 50 dividend calling for the Work is being continued in the haul
distribution of $4,061,225. A $1.50 age tunnel and in various parts of the
quarterly dividend will call for the j mne. About 300 feet more work in
payment of $2,436,735. Chino in the j the tunnel will effect a connection
final quarter of last year earned but I from the pocket endVo the mine end.
$66,801. equivalent to less than 8 cents j Several weeks ago water in the mine
ct,.,. u riichnrseri si a share 1 end caused abandonment of work
in dividends which called for the pay-i
ment of $S6a,9S0. A 75 cent dividend.
which will be paid this quarter, will
call for $652,485. Ray in each of the
last two quarters of last year dis -
huraed more than it earned, fourth
quarter earnings figuring 26 cents a j
share as against 56 cents a share in
the third quarter. In each quarter 7a j made and some of the surplus water ;,n games oi 4, vs ano 4JU.
cents a share was disbursed in divi- i is drained away, men will be started j
dends which called for $1,182,884 each j to work from both ends to enlarge the WOULD REPEAL TAX LAW.
payment. A 50 cent dividend, the re-j small portion to the size of the lestj NEW YORK. March 22. Tennjs
duced rate, will necessitate the pay- j of the tunned Then it will take months ! players of the country, said to num
ment of $788,500. j to concrete the tunnel and lay the j bor 1,000.000, will be asked to join in
j standard-guage railroad track which j a concerted effort to bring about a
TO TEXAS. 'is to carry trains from the smelter j repeal of the 10 per cent war tax
Bob Hennessy left for the Ranker jrlaht up into the mine. ion sporting goods .the National Lawn
oil field yesterdayl, where he will look Preparations for concreting the' Tennis Association of America ail
after some of his land leases. lower 250 feet of the Audrey shaft are nounc-d tonight.
ITS A SIGN YOU'RE YOUNG IF YOU
CAN DO THESE MITZI MONK Y SHINES!
EASY EXERCISES FOR THE EASY i
GOING
BY MITZI HAJOS !
Famous Prima Donna and Comedienne'
I have just one recipe for youth I
and beauty it's this carry yourself
back ia mind and body and be a child j
of ten at least a half an hour each
day! ,
It's lucky I've always been a torn-;
boy. My new play, "Head Over Heels,"
calls for a leading lady who's a gym-
nast as well as a dancer and come
dienne, and just, because I've always
had a passion for monkeys';iae c?.er-:
cises I have no trouble at all and '
I've never been absent or tardy at my '
theater for six whole years. y
It's just as easy, as easy to be
healthy and young and happy if youj
only know how and here's how. i
Lou't make any serious matter o! !
exercise! It's fun, not work!
Don't wake up in the morning with '
the sad fee-in?, "Now is the time I.
must v. crk. Just climb out of your j
bed in the morning and go i
down on to your hands as a bis mon-J
kev would and walk across the room
on vour hands and toes and close the
window and Lack a.sain, and when you
get back on the bed put your feet up
against the wall and stand as strl&ht .
as your shoulders as that same big j
monkey v.ou'd. It isn't so hard, andj
by that time you "would be lan.shin? j
at what people would think if they;
cculd see you. and so you are likely I
to lie on your back and tnrow your;
legs up straight in the air a few times '
lor the fun of it adn perhaps touch: Look a,oft and yu'l see Mitzi do
the head of the bed with your toes. fing her famous "Jackknife" nose to
If you drop your brush or comb tryjkneeSj f0rty t'mes without bending!
to pick them up without bending yourj Head Qvep Hee,s is th amazin stunt
knees, and when you put your shoes t ..."
and stockings on do it without sitting; r"d at th "PPr r.ght and be
down. . Slow little Mitzi is performing a popu-
These next monkeyshines are some j lar feat known as the Bed Spring!
of the exercises the singers, ballet j Try these on your brass bed, girls!
dancers and circus performers find ;
are the best to keep their bodies grace-;
ful and in the best physical trim. Wej
call tnem lumDimg aDout ana iney.auu uirun mem nu uuiu uauus as
are things that are easy enough for j
anv one to start with and hard enough
to satisfy even the man in the best! body held upright and with every step
possible condition if he will keep at 'bring your right or Jeft knee as close.
them a little -while. Try this one:;
I With the right foot squarely on the j
floor put the heel of the left foot cn
! top your wardrobe trunk or an a
I reau and twist the whole body about !
to the right and left alternately, bend-1
ing away from the elevated foot as iar,minK it is wonaenui ine great rav -
as you can. Then stand on the left
foot and try it the other way.
VERDE SHELTER IS
CLOSED FOR THREE
MONTHS AT LEAST
(Special to The Review)
JEROME, March 22. Work has
been started at ithe Verde smelter
which precludes all possibility of the
plant being blown in again .within
three months. "
The reverheratorv boilers are hpin"rt
rearransed and shifted about een oral-1
ly. n was found before the shutting j
down that they were wrongly placed
to give the maximum of efficiency.
so A. G. MacGregor, the designer of
the smelter, was called to Verde a
few days ago to make plans for the
necessary changes. He. got out his
blueprints and now the boilers look
as though a cyclone had been along.
New foundations are being built which
will elevate them considerablv abovelwlaer- Across me u ieet it averages
their old level 1
"We cannot get the boilers in shape
for operation under three months
frnr.i nnw p.enerai M.masrer Heor-e i
Kingdon declared this morning. "That '
will be early enough, though."
Some other work not inconnection '
with the boilers is being done at the j
smelter, but none is of any great con-
sequence.
At Verde Townsite
Since the suspension of production j
the company has adopted a policy of
rushing work on the new Verde town
site. About 100 men are now employed
in grading there and rapid progress is
being made in getting ready for the
DUUders.
there and now all work is being donejmen event of the American Bowling
in the other heading. ! Congress tournament here this after-
I The tunnel work is now going for-! noon, when R. Peckie and J. Lelhnger.
j ward in very bad ground and recently, j members of the Birk Brothers' No. 1
!in order to drain the territory as ; of Chicago, shot to the top with a
i quickly as possible, the size of the face scorp ot 1,258, outrolling Daiker and
was reduced to that of an ordinary
mine drift.
After a connection is
Or here is another easy one to prac-'
tice: Walk across the floor with your;
to your cbin as possible. And after
you Have done that try the Jack- (
knife," remembering you can never i
bu-'and also remembering that very many ;
join a circus until yon can do it well, ;
who never want to be in a circ as '
: Iowa among tnem. in tne jackkmre
jyou must bend your body ocer slowly
now practically complete and that
work will be under way in a day or
two. Since the shutdown the collar
of the Edith shaft has been concreted,
as some o the timbers there were be
ginning to show signs of decay. There
is now intention, however, of concret
ing the Edith to the bottom.-.
Force 50 Per Cent Normal
Manager Kingdon today made the
surprising statement to the Verde
Copper News that his company is now
employing more than 50 per cent of
the force on the payroll at the time of
the suspension.
Prior to the suspension the force
had been trimmed somewhat, in keep
ing with the policy of decreasing pro
duction, until 750 men employed at
mine, tunnel, townsite and smelter.
Today there are 400 men employed.
One hundred o fthem are working on
townsite and another 100 in the
nnel. The present force will be
reduced m the next few days, but the
Extension expects to keep nearly 400
men in its employ until it resumes
production, whenever that may be.
Jerome Verde Ores
That the 20 per cent ore recently
struck in the Maintop workings of the
Jerome Verde is at least 17 feet wide
has been demonstrated, nad it may be
better than 20 per cent copper. No
test3 have been made f?r Sld and
L"er ouperinienaent j
B- Harper believes that the preciods
precious i
meiai tonieni ls n01 Iess inan 5 a
l ton.
I When the crosscut started to deter-
m1ne .tne width otJhe J"e was in 17
feet ll struck schist which, though
siaiucu, via pi actually uarreu
of values. It may be the wall or it
ma be a sist j"
cut is to be continued through the
schist to make sure that ore does not
lie on the farther side.
Various work is being done in the
Maintop workings to put them in
shape for steady production whenever
a resumption of production seems ad
visable. Nothing is being done any
where else in Jerome Verde territory.
SENSATION ON ALLEYS.
TOLEDO. Ohio, March 22 A new
first place pair appeared in the two-
! Wetterman of Cincinnati by 10 pins.
i TnP Chicago pair collected the pins
L V--' JzJZ? 'rir
nuuui ueuuiug your Knees until your
nose touches your knees. I can do it
forty times in quick succession. Hw
many times do you think you could j
And here is still another thing thati
will put you, in excellent practice lor
house cleaning, and at the same time
and more poetically expressed, i;ive
you th egrace of a flower stem: Bend
over to the right with both hands to-
gether keeping your, feet on the flcor;
ana your Knees stnr, and pretend toi
pick up your hands full of roses, or
coal if you must be terribly practical,
GOLD PROPERTIES
IN GOOD POSITION
(Special to The Review)
PHOENIX, March 22. George
Long, who has had considerable prom
inence in recent months in connection
with the Kay Copper company prop
erty development, where it has been
said that he is making another great
copper mine for. Arizona, is in the city
from the mine for a few days.
What Long is actually doing with
the Kay property te to give it thor
ough prospecting. He is going about
this in the same manner that he car
ried on development on the United
Eastern gold mine at Oatman, which
in its time provided a real excite
ment. The United Eastern success of
Long may or may not be repeated
with the Kay, however. He is frank
ly among those who do not know.
"The only way to find out," said
Long today , "is to spend the time,
money and labor in making the neces
sary research. That rule applies to
every mining property. We certainly
have no mine as yet at the Kay, but
the conditions are such that work is
going right along and at this time
there is no reason to feel discourage-
ment. We will be drifting shortly
from below the 600 level and will
then know whether very satisfactory
showings in ore obtained above are
carried down and make the - increase
in extent and -alue that is necessary."
United Eastern, in which Long re
mains one of the largest interests,
was brought in as a proven property
in 1915. At that time its resources in
ore were put at $5,000,000, - which
some people thought was a hit too
high. Its shares settled to a value
more or less based upon the $5,000,
000. Since then United Eastern has
mined around $4,000,000 in gold. But
instead of having $1,000,000 left it
has approximately $7,000,000 in de
termined ore resources, or $2.0'io.OOO
more than it started with. "Lifting
of federal tax requirements from
gold properties has put these on a
footing that enables them to know
where they are going," said Long, in
response to query as to" the physical ! government and its allies needed all
and financial situation of United (the explosives that could be given to
Eastern. "It was hard pulling during j them.
the war period, with no increase in The Van Dyke shaft is going down
the value of gold at the mine but ! to open up ore demonstrated by drill
increase in all the materials and la- ing from the surface to be extant at
bor- entering into production and no. depth. These ore finds are e.stablish
defi'iite understanding as to howled as a continuation of Miami Copper
much the government might put on I company bodies from which many mil-
In the way of taxation of various
kinds. With the federal tax obliga
tions eased up, operating- conditions
are materially improved. This ac
counts for recent increases in 'the di
vidend rae of United Kastern to 7
cents.
niv.n to tne leit as vou can. risin
on
your toes to do it. But perhaps you
consider yourscL' in the high school
class and think these suggestions Pre
"too easy" before you have trid
easy before you have tried
them, and if that is so, suppose you
lie face down on the floor and raise
yourself to the height of your arms'
reach a few times. Its even better for
vou than "Chinnin? the bar " heraiiso
you still have some of the weight and
balance of your body on your toe tips
and all your apparatus is handy and
without cost.
VAN DIE COPPER
IS WAR SURVIVOR
(Special to The Review)
AJO, Ariz.. Mar. 15. New Cornelia
land S. Van Dyke, responsible for the
building of the city of Miami and for
mucn other enterprise in the state, is
here for a few days, accompanied by
Walter J. Scott, editor of the Miami
Silver Belt.
Van Dyke is at the present time car
rying on, besides Miami townsite ac
tivities and other business interests,
the active development of property of
the Van Dyke Copper company. The
Van Dke has the distinction of being
the only one of a number of new
Globe-Miami district mining develop
ment enterprises which came in with
the boom there a few years ago that
has tided through the war period of
material shortages and high costs and
kept actively at work. Progress was
slowed clown for a time, but always
kept at as high action as the avail
ability of supplies and labor would per
mit. Resourcefulness applied during the
powder embargo of the war period es
tablished at the Van Dyke the system
of sinking without the use of explo
sives. The method employed not only
got results, but did so at a material
saving in cost per foot of ground. Com
pressed air and the breaking out of
ground with drills end down the big
shaft that Is being sunk with walls of
a character considered to be superior
j to work
obtainable with the use of
! powder.
The experiment proved so
successful in its employment as an
emergency measure that it has been
established permanently for most of
the ground of the company, some of
which." however, is not amenable to
j other than pow der treatment. It is also
of not that not only the Van Dyke ben-
efited from the innovation in Arizona
mining practice which it brought
about, but that a number of other ope
rators, inclusive of some of flie largest
in the state, took up the method suc
cessfully and achieved not only higher
efficiency but an important saving of
powder during a period in which the
; lions of tons have been taken, with
millions more remaining. A fault in
between Miami and Van Dyke proper
ties for some years deceived geolo
gists, or at least raised a doubt in
their minds as to continuation of the
ore on the Vn Dvke side of the fault.
Test Unit at New Cornelia
Flotation Plant Will Start
Treatment of Sulphide Ores
C3ecial to TJu. Review)
1HCEX1X. Ariz., March 22 Cleve
Copper company is to make a tost of
an ohl flotation process for the treat
ment of its sulphide ores and will
soon have the lirst uait of a testing
plant ready. We have seen it in print
that the company will soon have to
start on its sulphide ores as the car
Iwnates will soon have been exhaust
ed. The story of exhaustion is untrue
as there are many years' w ork on the
carbonate masses. These overlie the
iudphitdes and comprise about one
lourth of the entire ore tonnage of
the company, which will measure up,
with Ajo Consolidated, about 60,
I'Oo.ttOO. and with considerable
ground as yet not tested. The sul
phides can be reached, if it is de
sired to treat them by mining the
carbonates from one end of the big
deposit, exposing the sulphides be
low. The extent of this operation
will probably depend on how the
maiktt for copper will be. If there
is the demand at fair price undoubt
edly the sulphides will be worked.
The test now being prepared for is to
complete a process and have it ready
by the time the carbonate ores have
been miued. .
Of the company's preparations the
Ajo Copper News of aJnuary 31,
has the tol lowing to say:
"New Cornelia's oil flotations test
plant should be in operation in about
y0 days, according to present calcu
lations. "The foundations are almost all
practically completed, and the mach
inery is here.
"The. plant will have a maximum
capacity of 600 tons per day.
Though later w hen a larger plant
is in operation a larger force will be
required, the initial test plant will
use but very few men probably not
over a dozen. So its operation in
addition to the other operations of
New Cornelia will be an improve
ment scarcely noticed, as to" pay roll
increase.
"Its significance otherwise, how
ever, is of course very great as it
means an entirely separate new re
duction process for Ajo, treating a
different class of ore (sulphides);
increasing production; and increas
ing the worth of New Cornelia ana
the value of its shares.
"The new plant will consist of the
following: No. 6 Gates gyratory
crushes, 48 Synions crusher, ore bin,
10-foot Marathon mill, 9-foot Mara
thon mill. 8-foot Hardinge mill, 1S
inch conveyor system-. 16-inch In
spiration type flotation mill. Cole
Bergman flotation machine, classifi
ers, Deister tables. Dorr thickeners,
sand pumps, etc.
"The foundations, tunnels, etc.,
are nearly finished. There is a con
crete tunnel 72 feet in length to the
ore piles. The foundations for gy
ratory crusher, the Synions crusher
and for the big ore bins are done.
The concrete work for. the flotation
machine, and the excavation, is al
most completed at this writing.
"No equipment used in the leach
ing process can be used in this ex
perimental flotation mill. This is
because the ore is entirely different,
the crushing size is not the same,
etc. However, the power, of course,
will come from the main power plant
within the leaching plant enclosure
furnishing power for all the needs
of mine, leaching, water pumping,
city light and power, etc., there are
other convenience, too, and every
thing will be handy, the new plant
being located within the fenced en
closure, on the east side.
"A copper producer of the size
and achievements of New Cornelia
must necessarily be constantly mak
ing additions and improvements
tending to greater efficiency and pro
duction. Among the recent additions
at the plant, nearly Jill of which are
entirely outside of requirements for
the test flotation plant, may be men
tioned these:
One new motor generator set of
5000 empere3, at the power house;
one solution storage tank; three Sy
mon's" crushers, making now 15 fine
crushers In all. The new concrete
flue from the roasters to the spray
chamber has been finished.
To Enlarge Laboratory
"A department that is by k no
means of the least importance is the
laboratory, which acts, one might
say, as a clearing house for the plant.
Here all the ore tests are made. Al
ready it is found necessary to en
large this department. The addi
tion, which is on the south, will
be about 30x40 feet.
New Process for Sulphides
"The new process will treat the
low-grade sulphide ores. In general
terms,' the process has already been
described in Copper News.
"While process details will have
to be worked out, as one can readily
see for the fact that the final goal
as proposed is 10.000 tons and a
start is to be made on a basis of 300
or 600 tons daily, there is not the
uncertainty that attended the final
working out of a satisfactory leach
ing process here. Oil flotation is not
so much an experiment. New Cor
nelia has the records of several sim
ilar ore properties in the west to be
guided by Utah Consolidated, Ne
vada Consolidated, and Chino each
has ore much like this, being a mon-zonite-porphyry
base! the Miami (In
spiration) ore is quite different, be
ing a schist-granite formal ion, but
. even there pointers can be gaihored
! that win guide at Ajo. Of course no
t two ores are perhaps exacilv alike,
but tlure 3ra enough similarities
; and the process is so successful
. wherever used. that, the proposition
. is taken largely out of the experi
mental stage,
j "With the acquisition of the Ajo
j Consolidated by New Cornelia, un
I derground mining in the camp re
ceived its start and impetus. A three
I compartment shaft was eunk 250
: feet, when activity began in earnest
j not on a very large scale, to be
! sure, but a new kind of mining, and
. iuc a spreaa-.ng out. There are
i both charms and missiiiit-ric i ....
derground mining not attached to
the steam shovel pit'.
"Not on a large scale we said, yet
one who visits the mine for the tirst
; time in quite a while will see a. de
! cided change for the better, there
i being an air . not onlv of growth
! achievement; ore bodies explore,!'
i proven and added tn the ii..f.'
i but there is more the present is
larger; the prospects are brighter
! the future is nearer. New Cornelia
jhas increased its proven ore bodies
j by the purchase from over 40.000 -1
00O tons to over 60.000.000 tons
laud more than that, which will all
j come out in due season. New Cor
jnelia never Lci::g content to merely
; make good its promise.
I 'On the completion of the shaft
sinking to 250 feet, the force was
.increased. A change room for the
;nien and a blacksmith shop rhere
! fore sprung up.
Proving Ore Bodies
"Then began development ,
earnest on the 250. Two obbjects
.were in view to block out th. h. 1,
grade ere for shipment, and to de
velop the- low srade ore for the ex
south, lies the high grade; to the
west, the ore of lower grade; the
showing of both are fully up to expec
tations. "Wien the levels are run. up
raises are drilled; of these there are
three. . One is completed, a connec
tion having teen made a few day
ago into the east Glory Hole: this
is a one and one-halt compartment
15x7 feet. The other two. to the
west and to the southwest, are two
compartments each, or 5x10 feet. ?
' "The ore will vn .)r.i-r. tt.t, J.,..u
ied rails into the waiting cars, and"
! thence be trammed to the cage,
there to be luted to the surface. It
will then be dumped into railroad
Icars for shipment to the smelter Ht
case 01 tne ricti sulphides) or for
transportation to the flotation plant
(in the case oi the sulphides ot low
er grade).
Able Soon to Increase Shipments
"Shipmeuu'to the C. & A. smelter
at Douglas have been going forw-ard
at the rate of about 250 tons a day.
But accomplishments completed and
soon to be linished will nermit New
I Cornelia to increase within 30 days
J or such a matter, to 500 tons daily.
"Three shifts are at work herf,
requiring a :'orce at present of about
150 men.
"At the sieam shovel mine, two
shitts ai being worked, a teTce or
about 200 men being employed in
this department.
' 'Easy for us. is the verdict of
departmental heads. Such efficiency
has been reached by careful plan
ning and i-hecker workout 'when
, they want more ore. let 'em toll us
we'll furnish it.
' "And last month's fiures, with a
' production of better than 4.200.000
, pounds, speak for themselves. New
! Cornelia is gt-tting down to business.
:The promise has already been reach
1 ed and then some yet nobody
says, 'impossible to do better"; the
management and heads will never be.
j satisfied unless continually iniprov
, ing everywhere possible. ,
I "The figures for a cement copper
! were rather high last month, but
j this is 'due merely to the clean-up.
j The general average for a year has
j so far been found to be about 25 per
! cent of the total: or, to be more
j nearly exact. 33.000 pounds daily,
out of a total of 130.000 to 140,000
pounds." "
I Editorially, the News continues:
I "New Cornelia copper is the one
let "pArtniir leltin" Ariftnjr ' Tr(ia
I statement is justified, first, by the
proven ore bodies; and. second, by
low cost of production.
"The known ore bodies total over.
60,000.000 tons of low-grade, most
of which can be mined by the steam-
j shovel process. These figures do not
include ' the ores of high grade oc
curring here and there in the low
grade ore. seme of the values of
whir'h will l.e reeoverpil nor the
; ores comprising the secondary en
i richment below the steam-shovel
I area, which the company has never
j figured in as r.n asset.
"The low production cost is made
possible by the rapid, labor-saving
steam-shovel process, preceded by
! almost no stripping necessary:
1 ...
favorable grade (gravity) from
mine to mill, a distance of only one
mile; and by the cheapness and
thoroughness of the. leaching pro
cess, which requires but little labor
and leaves but little waste. Thu
leaching riant almost operates It
self, in fact the entire system comes
as nearly to being machine-done au
tomatically as it is possible to con
tPntlnucd ou r:i Three TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
PARIS BOLSHEVISM
FORCED TO COVER r
BY HAROLD E. BECHTOL,
European Manager of N. E. A.
lated. Police have swooped in and j even if he did have empty pockets.)
i grabbed stores of them, and some ot ! They knew aim. j
i the circulators. j They knew so much about him they
i Radical meetings, itn fiery dentin-! ne ver have taken any stock in bis j
ciations cl Wilsjn, the buorseoise," . bca-t : i
and all things that are. no lonser hold I "I am tt" 'iterator. Nobody ilsei
Le boards. Extremist papers speak knew anythiiis about it."
m more conservative sentences. ' Ccttln tid coeu keeaus sicnKieint
Right now, the bolshevist "dictator- j comrany. FoUhevists, anarchists, t x-j
j ship of the proletariat," Ls a doctrine j treiuisLb. hard to tag. were his cro-i
Tvith a3 te w French spokesmen as ! nies. The French police work qui.it-!
j world-wiJe pro'-'-ibiaou. j ly. IHit it is known that documents 1
ANSWER TO MILLION
' DOLLAR SUIT FILED
BY STATE BANKERS
Nobody doubts that they wiil try
again. But is their chance lest?
Anarchitl Cottin or Bolshevist Cot
tin. whichever he was mav have fi-r-
vists and anarchise of France are in ; ,.,, .,,, K ,,, ".
Awed, fearful.
PARIS, France.
hunted, the bolihc
Those that'
hiding for the moment
aren't in jail.
The shooting of Premier Clemen-! UQtl Trotzky the:r day.
ceau came on the crest or a wave of;
bolshevik propaganda which has een ; FRANCE IS CRIPPLED,
that would ignite flames of revolution
jthat would give .the followers of Lenine
France ever snice the ai
BUT LOVE IS STRONG
So may those behind Cottin, or as
sociated with Cottin, have believed.
The surface at least is calm now.
PORTLAND MAN
GAINS 24 POUNDS
flooJing
rnitice.
Ar.ger and revulsion swept the
country as news of the attempted ss-
bassinauon si.reau. me yropassanaa , ranee is crippled ; France is rest
wave subsided like magic. Prj.n, is .--.. Vrunro far.
No roseate tracts on thy creed ofiJ 1U" u" -"SSe ""uer a neay
Lenine and Trotzky are bt-ing circu- b-jrden of debt. .
i It looked like uncier to tne bolshies.
'. Maybe it was ar.d maybe it wasn't,
j Anyhow the snooting of the beloved
old tiser of France wasn't the spark.
All that did was to make restless.
1 j burdened, crippled France so mad
j that for the moment she. forgot her
! weariness and uncertainty. She
Was hardly Able to Work t matched the police -clean up" with the
- J . . D .( satisfaction. CofUn struck a man
tJerore He rJegan j France loved. France's loves are
Taking Tanlac ! Fce-
There niay hare been a lot of
.... , , . . , Frenchmen who had no use for Clani-
hen 1 started taking Tanlac I was j enceau politically. There may hae
so weak I could hardly tio anything been more who tho ht hIs stern
at all. and it has not only almost made , lJtude wag a bandica to th kind f
a new. man of me, but I have gamed j e that WQuId ,a an(, a
24, pounds bes.des. .said Charles fc , preventi the wneels of dasl
Shaffer, an employee of the Grant and commerce from uin
Smith-Porter Sinp Euildmg company. ! 6 iim...j
Eut Clemenceau was the embodi
ment of "vi'.tory." And he was loved
by those who detested his policies.
And he still is.
From the minute Cottin shot the
Tiger, the police have been hunting
ftlc as hard as a lamp of lead in mej 5 41 . roms h" thes-3
and I was miserable night and day. j J hga r-atched. but
Then several weeks azo I had an aw-i 1alct,E!ef fd- The followers of Lenine
ful attack of tonsilitis that had me so J and Trotzky are in jail or in their
bad I couldn't swallow a bit of nour-1 toi? sv
ishment for ten davs, and it came near .L,L.to the tlme of the attempt on
putting me out of business. I felt th Tlsers life, the police watched,
tired and wornout all the time and lost !nd occasionally made an arrast.
every spark or energy I ever had. j bome close observers with exceptiou
Whtn I went to bed I would roll and j l sources of information about what's
toss so much that I never got a good 'c'nS on unaer the surface, say the
nights sleep, in fact I haven't beer. Pi3ce were afraid afraid that oc
able to sleep much in the last three or ! much prosecution might become to be
four vears. and. I always got up in "fsaruea as persecution; might send
. - . . , rncfinntcntAH . . . . T . , .
.i.oiuunmca iiks r reiicii DevjDie
living at 5uS West Charleston street,
Portland, Ore., the other day.
"A litt'e over a year ago," he con
tinued, "I suffered from a bad case
of la grippe that pulled me down till
1 was hardly fit for a thing. I lost my
appetite and what little 1 managed to
the- mornings feeling just as bad as m&t omenta, restiess trench
liocKing to me ranKs of the bobshe
viKs.
' when I . went to lieu. 1 lest consider
able In' weight and got so weak and
rundown that at last I just had to qui
w rjrk altogether.
"I lead so much about the soodTan
lac was doing others that I oecided to
try a bottle. I began to pick up right
suiattly from the very first, and in a
little while I had my appetite back;
and was eating and enjoying my ;
meals, and everything novr agreei j
with me. I get as hungry as a bear;
in three hours afte-r eating a hearty j
breakfast, and my food is building me
up something wonderful. I sleep like!
a log all night and get up in the morn
ings fteling just fine and dandy. I am ;
fat getting back my old time energy, j
and have already got a number of my j
friends started on Tanlac and expect j
to keep on boosting it." j
Tanlac is told in Bisbee Ly J. XI. :
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drus company, in
San Simon by J. B. Cook, in Willcox
by A. A. Xicholion. in Lowell by Lo-;
well Drug company, in Benson by C.
F. Moss Pharmacy, in G!eeson by B.
A. Taylor, in Warren by Warren
Pharmacy, jn pearce by B. A. Taylor,
in Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store,
and in ilcXcal by McXea! ilercan-;
tile company. Adv. '
were keeping their eyes
But they
open.
It didn't take them long to ideatirv
Cottin, even if he did have ail the
found in a room where Cottin formerly
lived, give the lie to his talk about
"doing it all alone."
He was!vuown to be friendly with
many Russians among them Nihilists
and Maximiiiats as well as bolshevists.
Several of Cottin's friends had been
arrested or detained. And a myste
rious woman friend is under observa
tion. The Tribune de Geneve said last
December 14 that a plot against Clem
enceau was being hatched at Lausanne
by Trotzky followers and that two bol
sneist agents had managed to cross
the frontier into France. The Cottin
case isn't ever.
FUNERAL TO BE HELD TODAY.
The funeral of the 10-months-old
child of A. J. Staploton, w ho died yes
terday morning at 1:30 o'clock from
pneumonia, will be held this morning
at 10 o'clock from the residence on
O. K. street. Funeral arrangements
are in charge of the Hennessj; Under
taking company.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
-Mrs. D. M. Uait of Warren was
taken to the C. & A. hospital yester
day afternoon.
ROOSEVELT PICTURE
BIG HUMAN DRAMA
AT EAGLE THEATER
' "The Fighting Roosevelts" at the
Eagle theater today is not a preach
ment, nor is it an educational sub
ject in the sense that the word "edu
cational" has come to mean- in the in
dustry. Instead, it is a powerful
drama, with a genuine human appeal
to audience sympathy through its real
ly human and natural situations and
action which portrays the various
epochs in the life of the former presi
dent. There is the epoch of his boyhood,
with delightful comedy touches which
are certain laugh makers. Then comes
the time when he1 enters politics, and
this introduces drama into , the se
quence ot the story. The picturiza
tion of his days dn the west, when" he
took the hearts of the Medora county
boys by storm, is replete with sus
pense and thrills in the action which
shows tis bravery and disdain of mol
lycoddle conduct.
Red tlcod action characterizes ev
markers' marks cut off his clothing ery situation in the production. Adv.
Notice to Subscribers
. Beginning April 1st, the following subscription rates will go into
effect: .--...
Yearly Subscription
Six Months
Weekly
$7.50
. 4.00
.20
After April 1st, the newsboys will cwn their own prper routes,
da their own collecting, and wi!l be responsible for the prompt de
livery cf the REVIEW each morning. Ail subscriptions in the fu
ture will te payable weekly, in advance, eiihsr to the carrier boy,
cr at the office. However, we would prefer that you pay all sub
scriptions to the csrrier boy, and thts avoic- confusion. We ft el
that wc are now in a position to give you not cn!y better delivsry
service, but a bigger and beitsr newspaper, and trust that you will
give us yojr hearty co-operation
Responsible f o r Libel
Disclaimed by Defend
ants in Reply
Is
(Uy Review Leased Wir?)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. March 22 An
swer to the $ 1,000.000' suit brought by
Samuel C. Pandolfo against 63 Ari
zona banks, was filed today in the
United States district court. .The
bankers' answer disclaims all respons
ibility for the publication of an alleged
libelous lettpr, read before the associ
ation at its regular meeting, a year
ago. The second portion of the an
swer rites allegations against Pan
dolfo which are offered as justification
for the publication of 'the letter, con
cluding with a request for a dismis
sal of the complaint.
In furnishing to the Minnesota state
securities commission at its request
all information in his possession con
cerning Pandolfo, Morris Goldwater
of Prescott. secretary of the Arizona
bankers association acted on what
be believed to be his duty, says the
ONLY TEN MORE STOCK
HOLDERS OF ONE THOU
SAND SHARES EACH IS
WANTED TO CLOSE THE
SALE OF STOCK AT THE
PRESENT TIME OF THE
LOWELL GOLD MINING
COMPANY.
AFTER THE MILL IS IN OP
ERATION, STOCK WILL
BE WORTH CONSIDER
ABLE MORE THAN IT
COSTS YOU NOW, AND
BE A STEADY DIVIDEND
PAYER BESIDES. THE
LOWELL GOLD MINING
COMPANY WILL BE THE
NEXT BIG CAMP IN ARI
ZONA IS MY HONEST BE
LIEF, SO WHY DELAY?
GET IN ON THE START
AND REAP THE BENEFITS.
ONE-HALF CASH, BAL
ANCE IN SIXTY DAYS,
PHONE ME AT ONCE AND
MAKE SURE THAT YOUf
GET YOUR STOCK AT
ONCE. PHONE 813.
.
TODAY
answer, which contends that the as
i scciation is blameless in tills niat-
, Each cf the (-2 defendant b.u.Us sep-
nrar ly don'Vs ilu:t it p'i!.!!.''.'!i. ,v,i
! thorized. approved or ratified publi
cation of the letter, whir"; was re
ceived from Texas and wlm-i: w:'
j signed only "president." The missive
f.aue certain narges hjiainst I'orn.yi'j
in relation to his lu.-:;itss dealings '
in that state.
The banks' answer then continues
to cite instances from Tandoifo's ca-
reer elsewhere to support its conten
tion of justification in publishing the
letter. Alleged deals between him and
J. A. Pruett and Dr. Felix P. Miller,
both of El Paso, Tex., in connection
with the organization of the Alamo
Idfe Insurance company are present
ed in the bankers' document, while
references are made to Pandoifo's
business record in San Antonio from
1911 to 1913. It is estimated that the
costs of the case, which is expected
to come in April, will amount to more
than those in any other civil suit
brought in this jurisdiction.
GUEST OF HIS NIECE.
Mrs. ,J. P. Hodgson of Morencf is
the guest of her niece, Mrs. Tom
Jewell.
14
fOMYMOT
IS
it ;
We invite ycu to confer with any of our Offi
cers whenever we can be of service to you in any
matter pertaining to your financial affairs.
Call in and meet our Offi
cers.
BANK WITH US
TONIGHT
Cl II
TONIGHT
CHAS. B. WOOD PRESENTS
Imer and Co
Re!
urnir.3
in Their Strongest Play
c
99
REX BEACH'S MASTERPIECE
If You Have Read the Book, See This Wonderful Play
Not a Picture NO ADVANCE IN PRICES Not a Picture
35c, 50c, 75c
CURTAIN S:15
35c, 50c, 75c
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
Today
GREAT STARS IN
THEATER
1
rui u t
'heater
Continuous
1 to 11
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
i ? .-"V". :
-r"
" r:
GREAT PICTURES
n
if
IN
f . -
S3
W MO
. 9
S '
me oeart or tee
A thrilling story of the grea Northwest, adapted from "'PIERRE OF THE PLAINS" f
An Artcraft Picture
-al so
ts
L
PATHE MEW:
No.
News o; all the world. Sees all, knows all.
- v.-i.
YOU MAY NOW GO THROUGH
LIFE WITH HI!
i or
ULLYl
0 H Fi '
TD ' ' In 99
I
And, for a good laugh, see
ears an
d ISao Men
A Big
"V" Comedy
Admission: Lower floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c;
Includes the War Tax-
Reserved 25c;
t h5
mm
FROM THE CRADLE
TO THE GRAVE
Seven PAR TS Seven
A STIRRING AMERICAN DRAMA OF ADVENTURE AND ACHIEVEMENT. HUMAN BEYOND COM
PAREA Legislator at 23, A Cowboy, Rough Rider, Fighting Men's Fights with Bull-dog Courage and Tenaci
ty. He Gave the New York Police Dept. the Shock of its existence. Wherever he was things Happened Fast
and Furious. .
His. Life is the World's Most Natural Motion Picture Drama.
Comedy, Action, Thrills, Suspense, Pathos.
BILLY PARSONS Comedy, 2 Parts. - Susie by GRIBBLE'S ORCHESTRA
TOMORROW-
-VALLACE RE ID in "LESS THAN KIN"
ADMISSION: CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c, RESERVED 35
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
THREE
Lodge Notices
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
V Rathbone Lodge No. li
Knlght3 ot PythlM
jJLlJ meets each Tuesday
syrrv- (except second) in Odd
V Fellows Hall at 7:W
k5 p. m. Visiting brotbert
cordially Invited.
V
JACK CAIN. C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K- of R. S-
LODGE NO: 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISOX, Exalter Ruler.
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
. WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 -will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic Hat
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday c eacb
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAG SD ALE, W. M,
' Phone 500
MRS. JESSIE EEVAN, Sec'y. P. O
nox 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 471.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets In L O. O. F
Kail First and Third
Saturdays. Visitir,
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON, Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN, Jr., Rec Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
" T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452, meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
nalL Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE, President,
Phone 278.
GEO. POOLE, Treas, P. O. Box 2229.
UONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
Bisbee Miners'
Union No. 125,
I n t ernational
Union of Mine,
Mill & Smelter
Workers,
ne e t s. every
Sunday night
at Philadel
phia hotel
bid?., at 7 p.m.
L..M. PURCELL,
President.
R. J. WILBERT.
Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L.O.O.M.
rr?T2f- Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R L GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LOCGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets e t e r y
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' halL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C.
Phone Black 333.
OLIVE BAILEY, M. of R. C,
Phone 719.
-IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Meets First and Third
iThursday of each
I month at Medigovich
HalL
Visiting Brothers cor-
.dially invited.
THOS. HASTIE, Sachem.
SAM VERRAN, C of P.
MARCH 29, 1919.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday 1st Deg.
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS H ARC IS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
vV Eisbee Camp No. 1341&
i uui cm tar 'j i ii rii v
Medigovich HalL
S. T. MOSS, Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
Xfi. -i
K ... J.
PIONEERS MEET.
More than 2"0 pioneers met at
Douelas yesterday to celebrate the
Cochise County Fioneer society. Dur
ing the afternoon sessiim, B. A. Pack
ard was elected presitient and H. C.
Stillman was electe dsecretary and
treasurer. Last night an old-fashioned
dance was given. Many I'isbeeites
motore dto Douglas yesterday and par
ticipated in the affair.
BROTHER OF WILLIAMS LOCATED
Deputy Sheriff Tom Foster re
ceived a telegram yesterday from a
brother of Ralph A. Williams, killed
by an officer early Thursday morning
while resisting arrest, and whose body
is at the Cadwell undertaking parlors
at Douglas. The brother of Williams
said he is making an effort to locate
more of the relatives and ordered the
undertaker to hold the body until be
receives futreh information.
SALARI IS RELEASED.
On a promise that he would keep
the peace and not abuse Lis wife,
Tony Salari, an Italian, charged with
disturbing the peace, was allowed to
go free in Judge J. Allison's court yes
terday. The wife complained that ber
husband beat her.
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
Disbee Lumber Co.
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phon- s
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
. Phone 121
COAL
WOOD
HAY I
Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
LET US SERVE YOUR
BANQUETS
We Knew How, Experienced
Waiters and Serving Herp
Phone 634 11 a. m. to 12 p. n
CLARENCE ALEXANDER
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invitej.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman,
Phone Black 45S.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA I
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. I NO. 210. .
meets in I O.
and 4th Wed-
O. F. Hall, 2d!
p. m.
nesday at 7:30
Visiting Broth-1
ers cordially I
invitea to at-
tend.
WM. T. SMITH AN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee,
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m., '
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially, wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. U EDMl'NDSON, Aerie Physician.
in Preparing v
Specifications
DEMPSEY
Knocks 'Em Out With Either
H-ffijtJ (rir'HrninrinLn-f- "4. : : . vatr?' ' ' ' Hi l1t lit n J j m:. i j if kiV?in.. . ' i J-
Exclus've picture posed by Jack !
Dempsey, especially for the Daily Re-
view, in wnich he shows his right and
left kayo punch.
Jack Dempsey can knock 'em cold.
with either first.
His method is to step in, sending a
ell n v-f T gt rirhf Q ti A loft nnnrhoc 1 r
- ;
the body. !
Thpn. ilpnmlinjr nn the nncitnin tliic !
has placed his opponent in, he sends j
New Cornelia
Flotation Plant
(Continued from Page One)
ceive of at this stage of invention and
science.
'Those who doubted that the C.
& A. could mr.ke a profit on one ana
one-half per cent ore, but are now
convinced, had overlooked the mach
inery, labor-saving features of the
preposition at Ajo. Colonel Green-
way had figured as they had not, by
I the thousand tons per month, . by
! machinery, rcther than by the ton
i per man-power daily; and results
! show a largfc margin to the good
I and to spare when figured his way.
"The significance . is understood
usually, rather than the reverse. It
means that on a 16-cent copper mar-
the Kitchen
Get the Help
:, r ) Hi;v4irJ-Yifri5bLl
KSSi-1 Ii r h:krr - ' . "rfe?
i ' Tl - frvvj, t o
f ' 1 1 1 """"" . hVv
Which Will He Use on Willard?
. i . i . . i -
nome a ngnt or leu cross 10 rne jaw.:
In his nrevious fiehts. this has re-
ciilto1 in tho finilr rlna-n fn U nf t ho
opposing fighter.
ket, New Cornelia could still con
tinue production; in fact, would be
one of the last in the state to be ob
liged to discontinue in the event of
la very low price of copper, and there
lis not one chance in a hundred that
t there will ever be such a market.
; "We are not informed as to pos-
sible curtailment here (at the last
j accounts the producers in the state
j had not reached a conclusion on the
j subject), but in the event of a cur
tailment, it would be in conformity
! with agreed concerted Arizona ac-
tion due to a no-sale surplus to be
I reduced. The production end of
j labor in Ajo could be reduced, it is
! understood, very little, . if any; so
j if any labor reduction should be ef
! fected here it would have to be most
j ly in the mining and development ce
!partments. j "briefly and in plain terms, there-
fore, name the permanent camps of
Cabinet that saves
of Hoosier's Council of Kitchen Scientists
1
BRINGS YOU THEIR SERVICES.
Fist,
' X" 7
Will it do so with Willard?
! rr if if- rinac will it Yif fh rieht nr
i left that sends Jess to the land of
the state as you please, there usually
being considered several, as time has
proven, Ajo may justly be consider
ed the most permanent of all the
mining camps in Arizona.
"This means much in the buying
and holding of New Cornelia shares.
It also means much to those seeikng
permanent homes, a place for a per
manent business, or real estate oi
other investments."
MRS. LANG DIES.
Mrs. F. J. Lang died at her home on
O. K. street yesterday afternoon after
several weeks illness of pneumonia.
The body is at the Palace Undertaking
parlors pending funeral arrangements.
FINED FOR SPEEDING.
George Tafouata ,a jitney driver,
was arrested for speeding yesterday
afternoon and fined $10 in Judge J
Allison's court.
milesofsteps
A I
0
13) I
!
of Lowell and
J. J. Bowen of the Bisbee Auto com- J
pany, went to Douglas yesterday to j
attend the Cochise County Pioneer so-;
ciety gathering.
SIXTEEN CASES INFLUENZA.
Approximately 16 cases of influenza !
were reported to local doctors yester
day. The inlliH'iiza situation is gradu-
FRECKLES
March Worst Month for This Trouble
How to Remove Easily.
There's a reason why nearly every
body freckles in March, but happily
there is also a remedy for these usly
blemishes, and no one need stay
freckled.
Simply get an ounce of Oihine, dou
ble strength, from your druggist and
apply a little of it night and morning,
and in a few days you should see that
even the worst freckles have begun to
disappear, while the light ones have
vanished entirely. Now s the tiir.e to
rid ycurself of freckles, for if not re
moved now they may stay all summer,
and spoil an otherwise beautiful com
plexion. Your money back if Othine
fails.
Fiery Eczema and
Readily Yield to
Successfully used for CO years.
Eczema and similar skin troubles
come from a disordered, impure
condition of the blood, and they can
only e enred by giving the blood a
thorough cleansing', and removing
from it all traces of impurity.
''This is why S. S. S. has been used
so successfully in hundreds of cases
f Eczema and other skin eruptions.
This wonderful remedy is without
"PATRONIZE THE
TO DOUGLAS.
Judge J. L Winters
HI -13 Ii kl
Run by an AMERICAN with AMERICAN Help
We buy nothing but the choicest cuts of meats
and the best of everything else, all of which is con
stantly on display in our large show window, giving
the customers the privilege of making their own se
lection of cuts, etc., which are cooked right before
their eyes, guaranteeing quality and service beyond
reproach. v
We broil all of our steaks, chops, etc., on the
ONLY CHARCOAL BROILER in operation in Bisbee.
We serve a MERCHANTS' LUNCH every day
except Sunday, consisting of soup, meats, pie or pud
ding and choice of drinks for 35c. Your choice of three
combinations.
WE MAKE ALL of our own PIES and CAKES
which are always the best and without equal and our
CHALLENGE COFFEE is the BEST IN THE CITY.
We have a large dining room for Banquets and
Private Parties. We remain open all night and we
carry a large stock of Cigars, etc.
A la Carte Dinner Every Sunday THE BEST
9
PAY CASH
i
Buidk W to
Pure Medium Buck Wheat. Put up
by the Jones Dairy Farm
in 10 Pound Bags
14c Pound
J.
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
rr.-,
--TJr, Write today for booklet "B," explaining our system of jW
'' .r'Hj! receiving deposits by mail, 4 compound interest paid
;;. tr on Savings Accounts. jj
Pineapple
Desserts 2c
vfi The bottle in
Oj8v$ each package
of Pineapple
J iffy -Jell con
tains all the
rich essence
V pineapple. The
1 dessert has a
wealth of this exquisite
flavor, and a package serves
six people for 12,'a cents.
You owe to yourself a
trial of this new-type gel
. atine dainty.
10 Flavors, at Your Crocr'
2 Packages for 25 Cent
Skin Eruptions
This Old Remedy
an equal as a blood purifier, being
probably the oldest blood medicine
on the market. It has been sold by
druggists for fifty years. Get a bot
tle today and begin treatment that
will get results. o
You are invited to write to-day
for complete and full advice as to
the treatment of your owi case.
Address, Chief Medical Adviser,
Swift Specific Co., Dept. II. Atlanta.
Georgia.
OLD RELIABLE
itehen
or VPDC IM niCDT7r
- PAY LESS
V
I
ANGIUS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, MARCH 22, 1919.
COPPER PRODUCTION
IS LOW 111 FEBRUARY
27 Large Concerns Cut Out
put 18 Million Pounds
Below January
The affects of labor troubles and
the voluntary policy of -curtailment
adopted by most of the prominent cop
per producers, are seen in the com
bined February output figures of 27
prominent producers. The curtailment
policy as a general rule did not take
full effect until this month.
The February copper production of
27 of the more important producers
listed below1, amounted to 93,645,350
pounds, compared with 112,394,465
pounds in January, a reduction of
18,749415 pounds, or 17 per cent. The
production of those properties this
month should show an equally large
decrease from February, as a result
of a full month of voluntary curtail
ment adopted by many mines.
The porphyry group, comprising
Utah, Chino, Ray Nevada, Miami, In
spiration and New Cornelia last
month turned out 36,122,254 pounds
'of copper, compared with 39,702,260
pounds in January, a decrease of
3,5SM06 pounds.
Th ecombined production last month
of Calumet and Hecla and its subsid
iary companies was 10.264.76S pounds,
a drop of 1,493,732 pounds from Feb
ruary. '
Anaconda, East Butte and North
Butte, three of the prominent Butte
companies, utrned out 6,362,617 pounds
less copper last month than in Jan
uary. ..Anaconda accounted for 3,500,
000 pounds of the reduction, Easi
Butte 1,658,450 pounds, and North
Butte 1,204,167 pounds. The restrict
e doutput of those three properties
last month was primarily due to the
labor troubles in the Butte camp,
A COMPARISON
- OF MINSTRELS
Minstrels are nQt all alike. To be
able to demonstrate that this is a fact,
the public is urged to attend Harvey's
Greater Minstrels when it appears at
the Grand theater two days starting
Monday, March 31.
The management of this famous col
ored organization emphasizes the un
usual quality of its wardrobe, both that
worn in its parade and In the perform
ance. The women perhaps will be
the best judges of this wardrobe and
will appreciate both the value of the
material used and the skill of the de
signing and work. Never was a colored
minstrel show dressed as is the Har
vey's Greater Minstrels, but for it to
be any different would be not to be in
line with the high class entertainment
offered. There are a couple of meri
torious, white minstrels, but their no
cess depends largely upon their abil
ity to imitate the colored race. There
fore the management of Harvey's
Greater Minstrels conceived the idea
of assembling 40 really classy natural
and capable performers of that race,
and consequently an unusual minstrel
organization is the result.
For singing and dancing, none can
excel the colored race, and it seems
as if the cream of the colored talent
has Been brought into .the Harvey
Minstrels, at least this company is es
tablishing itself rapidly as a top linei
attraction and is not thought of as a
"nigger show" it being in the same
class and character as any white min
strels, unless it be that it is superior,
and the white people appreciating the
efforts of these deserving people are
very- liberal with their patronage.
So far this season, reports verify
the fact that five nights out of six
every week, hundreds of people are
turned away from Harveys Greater
Minstrels. Adv.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02S436
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
February 15. J 919
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
September 29, 1915, made Homestead
Entry, No. 02S436, for S. NW. 4.
Entry. No. 028436, for S. Vt
N. W. U, X. S. W. 4 Sec 34
Township 23 S- Range 21 E.,
G. & S. It. Meridian, has filed notice ol
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to theJand above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, oe
the 25th day of March, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell, An
-zona.
William Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
Adv. JOHN L. IRVIN', Register.
which started about the first of the
month.
But-three companies in February
showed an increase in production over
January. Inspiration increased its
production by 100,000 pounds and Su
perior by 48,390 pounds. Calumet &
Arizona showed a gain of 2,744,000
pounds. The increase at the latter
property was due to smelter output
in January falling below normal. The
concentrates that were held back that
month were put through the mill in
February which accounted for the
abnormal Increase.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
, 023275
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at rhoenlx, Ariz.,
February 15, 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5. 1S13, made Home
stead Entry 023275 Tor the SE. 4 Sec.
28. T. 22 S., R. 21 E, and on May 11,
1915, made additional Homestead En
try No. 027394. for S. NE U Sec. 28,
V. NW. 14, Sec. 27, Township 22 S.,
Range 21 E., G. & S. R. Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year rrof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 2oih day of March
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A Lyth, of Hereford, Art
. zona.
Albert J. voorhees, of Hereford,
Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona.
Adv. JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
SNAKE STUDY HAY
DEVELOP HEW PET
N. E. A. Special to the Review.
"Pretty, pretty! Oh, what a nice
snake you have. What breed is he?"
That's a nice line of talk for a street
corner meeting, but It may become
common if the Reptile Study Society
of America can coavince any number
of people that snakes are just the
dearest pets.
Here are some of the arguments
the R. S. S. of A. members advance
for their choice.
Snakes take up little room.
They need be fed but rarely.
They are never noisy.
They are clean in their habits.
They may be left alone in the house
for a week or even a month, and will
be on deck with a lively and affection
ate greeting for you when you return.
And certainly the relative points of
merit of a pet cobra and sf nice lively
copperhead each properly muzzled or
de-fanged should 'provide fconxCrsa
tional material when conversation
threatens to languish.
Allen S. William is president of the
New York,R. S. S. of A. and leads all
snake hunt3 of that organization, ex
cept such as are pursued In the re
gions of the all night bright lights. He
ha3 a score of the pretty things.
COLLECTING STREET TAXES.
City Marshal J. A. Kempton is col
lecting street taxes for this year.
TO, TUCSON.
William O. McCoula left on the Gold
en State limited Friday night for
Tucson.
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
Bobby, the little son of Mr. and Mp.
Arthur Xbtman, is ill with an attack of
influenza.
SORE THROAT, GOLDS
Quickly Relieved by Hamlin's.
Wizard Oil
Hamlin's Wizard Oil is a simple
and. effective treatment for sore
throat and chest colds. Used as a
gargle for sore throat it brings quick
relief. Rubbed on the chest it will
often loosen up a hard, deep seated
cold in one night.
How often sprains, bruises, cuts
and bums occur in every family, as
well as little troubles like earache.
toothache, cold 6ores, canker sores,
stiff neck, and tired aching feet.
Soothing,- healing Wizard Oil will al
ways bring quick relief.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get youf money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? Just try Wizrd Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pills 30
cents. Guaranteed.
COLDS INTERFERE
WITH BUSINESS
Dr. King's New Discovery
relieves them and keep
you going on the job
Fifty continuous years of almost
Unfailing checking and relieving coughs,
colds and kindred sufferings is the
proud achievement of Dr. King's New
Discovery.
Grandparents, fathers, mothers, the
kiddies all have used and are using
it as the safest, surest, most pleasant
to-take remedy they know of. ,
Sold by all druggists. 60c and $1.20.
Keep Bowels On Schedule
Late, retarded functioning throws
i!se whole day's duties out of gear.
Keep the 6ystem cleansed, the appe
tite lively, the stomach staunch with
Dr. King's New Life Pills. Mild and
tonic in action. Sold everywhere. 25c'
Y.W.CA. Blue Triangle Cafeteria
MEAL SCHEDULE
Breakfast from 6:50 to 8: SO
Lunch from 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner from 5:00 to 6:30
Sunday. Breakfast 7:30 to 9:30
Sunday Dinner from 12:00 to 2:00
OUR MILK
Is the BEST BY TEST
and PRICES RIGHT
BUY TESTED MILK
STANDARD MILK DEPOT '
Brewery Gulch
"Ball's Best" Plug Smoking
A clean," mild Virginia Tobacco, in
plugs or sliced, ready to rub. Made
expressly for us. Sent by mail any
where, post and tax paid,
$1.20 POUND
W. F. BALL The Big Pipe Store,
Est. 1S82. 110 North Spring St.,
Los Anqe'es
SWANSEA CON. IS;
SUSPENDING WORK!
(Special to Th. Revl.w)
PRESCOTT, Ariz., March 22. An
other big producer of copper, the
Swansea Consolidated near Bouse has
suspended, and about 300 on the pay
roll have been discharged. There was
said to be no labor controversy as to
the wage scale the decision to close
down being based solely on the pre
vailing price of the metal that could
not withstand the coat of production
and shipping to different smelters in
the state. This copper fo rsome years,
except at ehort intervals, had been
shipping an average of six cars a day,
but the content was low Operating
expenses, it is asserted, were gov
erned by what production' could be
given, that exploration of new hold
ings might go aheadv and the margin
was so close that the profits were
smalL
Th esuspension is said t oaffect
many men with families, and coming
at a time when a fine camp was be
ing established, and on what was be
lieved to be permanency, a " severe
hardship Is worked on those who are
caught in this unfortunate situation
as mining employment is being cur
tailed everywhere.
The closing ofr Swansea is said to
have extended to other '.esser coppers
in that field which also are limiting
development by decreasing tae forces.
Not the slightest indication is given
when Swansea ma yresume, and un
less copper conditions improve ma
terially the future of the big camp Jias
a gloomy outlook. With this collapse,
of another copper, dependent business
pursuits are seriously affected in that
region, and the country is at a stand
still in business.
la the fiscal year 1918, 121.45S.000
board feet of timber were cut from
the national forests of New Mexico
and Arizona, according to a statement
just issued by Ditrict Forester Paul G.
Redington.
The sum of J272.755.21 was received
for this timber, at the average rate of
$2.25 per thousand board feet. This
J was a considerable increase over the
business done in 1917 when the total
I cut of timber was only 96 SSS,'.0 feet
! and brought ?;i7.C4.90. or an aver.ise
' cf ?2.23 pr thousand feet,
j All the timber sold was appraised,
I advertised and sold to the highest
i bidiler, and cut under strict govern
ment contracts, which provides that
only the mature timber shall be cut.
leaving the young, fast growing tim
ber as the basis of a new crop. The
DOING HIS BIT
"For two years I sutfered agonizing
pains in my stomach, belching up sour
and fitter fluids and gas. Tongue al
ways coatefi. Doctors were unable to
help me. The first dose of Mayr's
Wonderful Remedy made me feel 100
per cent better, and I am now feeling
better than at any time in my life. I
deem it my duty to advise other suf
ferers." It is a. simple, harmless pre
paration that removes the catarrhal
mucus from the intestinal tract and
allays the inflammation which causes
practically . all stomach, liver and in
testinal ailments, including appendi
citis. One dose will convince or money
refunded.
Sold by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere. - Adv.
forest service did not raise the stump
j aee price of timber during the war.
The counties of Arizona and New
' Mexico receives 25 per cent of the re
ceipts fronj national forests within
their boundaries to be used for roads
and schools, the the states receive an
additional 10 per cent for roads and
trails. They also get their prorata
share of the receipts in proportion
to the amount of school lands within
the national forests. The states re
ceive altogether, approximately, 16 per
cent of the total receipts of the for
ests. The receipts from toe sale f, tim
ber were 39.2 per cent of ta total receipts.
Restores
and Creates
A
TJ , N
MARINEULO fl
Massage Treatment y
is a normal exercise, restoring tone
to the tired skin. When the skin is
dry and poorly nourished the Tissue
Cream used at home will soon pro
duce a marked improvement.
TJscl and recommended fcy more than
Joft) Beauty Shops. Sample ct Tissue
Cream tree, also illustrated booklet show
ing how to massage the lace at borne.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
J
uy .
VEDOL
OILS
Western Vulcanizing Stop
WHOLESALERS AND RETAILERS
W. C GRUBB, Proprietor
JOHNSON ADDITION
IT-
FOR THIS
WEEK
Ik?
FOR THIS
WEEK
Pilgrim Prints "special" for this week
only . .' -I2V2C
Amoskrag Gingham, special for this
week, only. .. 19c
Red Seal Gingham, special for this
week only 25c
Percales 33c, 39c, to 49c grade, special
" for this week, only 29c
Scrim, splendid assortment, special for
this week, only... 19c lo 39c
Bleached Muslin, 25c grade, special for
this week, only ...19c
Hope Muslin, special for this week,
only . .... 25c
Silk Poplin, 36 inch, special for this
week only l:$1.23
Silk Taffeta, 36 inch, special for this,
week only I :...$1.49-$1.98
Crepe de Chine, 36 inch, special for this
. week only ...$1.49-$1.69
Georgette Crepe, 36 inch, special for
this week, only . $1.89-$1.98
Messaline, 36 inch, special for this week
only $1.39-$L98
'These are splendid values and priced to save
. you money. You are, of course, to be the
judge. Come 'in and examine the goods and
you wiU buy here. .
Our New York buyers have purchased us a
splendid stock of waists:
Voile Waists, $1.25 values, special this
week ; ! 98c
Voile Waists, $1.49 values, special this
week ;$1.23
t Voile Waists, $1.98 values, special this
U week $1.49
Crepe de Chine Waists, special this
week ....$3.98, $4 98, $5.90, $6.90, $7.90
Georgette Crepe Waists, special this
week....$3.98, $4.98, $5.90, $6.90, $7.90
HOSE.
Some exceptionally good values in Ladies'
Hose, this week only .; 15c, 19c, 25c, 49c
Ladies Silk Hose, special, this week only,
98c, $1.23, $1.49
'LADIES' AND
CHILDREN'S
SHOES
We will have some splendid values in shoes
for this week. These are edd sizes, broken
lines, etc You can save 25 c by buying
now. , Look these over. Many are marked
less than first cost to us
98c, $1.23, $1.49, $1.69, $1.79, $1.98,
$2.49, $2.98, $3.98
-WOMEN'S SHOES
You will find our stock in good shape and
selections may be made with very little
trouble.
Pumps, Oxfords, Comfort Shoes,' etc-
$2.25, $2.49, $2.SS, $3.50, $3.98, $4.49
$4.98, $5.90 to $6.90
Ladies Shoes, in kid, gun metal, canvas, in
fact, a representative line always carried,
and priced at only $2.98, $3.50, $3.98,
$4.50, $4.93, $5.90, $6.90, $7.90, $8.90 to
$9.90.
READY TO-WEAR
Silk Dresses, only
$14.75, $16.50, $17.50, $19.75 to $24.75
Jersey Dresses
Suits ranging in price from
Buying for 197 stores enables us to offer
you some exceptional values at very low
prices. You will save money by investigat
ing. Boys' Shoes ,.
We are overstocked on Boys Shoes. ' We
can save you money on each pair:
. Stock 35a Veal Blucher, special
onIy - .....$i.79-$i.98
(Ask to see them.)
Stock 32 Gun Metal Blucher, $2.79
grade, only ..." .$2.25
Stock 8124 Boys' Elk 'Skin Shoe,
onIy --:-...,...$l.SS-$2.49
Stock 30 Boys' Black Button, $2.79
grade, now only ...$2.25
Stock 1 3,6 1 2 Boys' Dull Calf Button
$3.25 grade, now only $2.75
We are selling some of these for a great
deal less than market price.
Men's Work Sox
Men's Work Sox, heavy Rockford,
OI?y - - 2 for 35c
Men s Automatic Work Sox, only 2 for 35c
Men's guaranteed Whit-leather Hose,
only tan, black, gray and white, 2 for 35c
Boys' Blouses, only khaki, blue cham-
bray and striped percale, now only..79c
Bell Blouses, now only 9Sc
BOYS' SUITS
The new spring line has arrived
and we're sure every mother will
be pleased with our selection
School 'and dress suits priced at
$5.90, $6.90, $7.50,
$7.90 to $12.50
Boys' Corduroy Pants, double
sat, extra good quality....$1.98
MEN'S SUITS
Our Hand Tailored Suits made
from the best woolens obtain
able, in a large range of patterns,
and proper styles, we know will
please you and they're very in
expensive. Priced $18.50,
$24.75, $27.50, $29.75, $32.50
BUY YOUR NEXT SUIT
HERE
MEN'S PANTS
In mixed and all wool worsteds,
desirable paterns, in plain and
striped; priced exceptionally low
at $3.49, $3.98,
$4.49, $4.98
to $6.90
THE YELLOW FRONT
MAIN STREET
7 CZS
Incorporated
V iMt hill's LMTTXX
BISBEE, ARIZONA
PHONE 175
Buy Where Y ou Can Buy the Cheapest We Do
WORK CLOTHES
We have built up a splendid busi
ness on the Pay Day overall
Our price now only ..$1.89
Heavy Chambray Work Shirts,
cut full size, only ...59c-9Sc
Heavy bib overalls only....$1.49
Men's Dress Sox ,2 for 35c
25c, 49c
Men's Work Sox seamless, black,
tan and mixed blue and gray
Rockford sox, only......2 for 35c
"Better Goods for Less" THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS .
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 ce.it per word, each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 7 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
1 .1;
For Sale For Rent For feent
FOR SALE A-l milch cow. Phelps FOR RENT Uniurnished, three small FOR RENT Three furnished house
Dodge barn, Naco road. JI-25 rooms, bath, screen porch, one min- keeping rooms, bath and sleeping
- nte from car line. Rent moderate. porch. 105 Mason hill, first house
R SALE The Chevrolet won the 102 Mason hill. M-22 from Mason car stop. M-22
Santa. Monica road race, both first ' .
and second prizes, which shows the FO RRENT Free to lady or couple. FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
superiority of the Talre-in-the-head References given and required if partly furnished, at Rock, house,
motor. Buy a Chevrolet and get the alone. Furnished room, private en- South Bis bee. M-3o
best for your money. A demonstra- trance, next to bath. Phone 111.
tion will convince you of the super- M-25 F0R RENT Three room house. In
ter quality of the Chevrolet over . quire Tammany halL or 83 Young-
higher priced cars. W. L. Smart, FOR- RENT Two nicely furnished blood hill. M-19-tf
local dealer. Phone 278. M-23 housekeeping rooms. 14 Jiggerville.
. M-26 FOR RE?T Three housekeeping
FOR SALE Eggs for hatching. Se- rooms with long sleeping porch.
lected stock. Rhode Island Reds and F0R RENT Five room house, com- John Ceron, Wawen, Black Knob
White Leghorns. Phone 51L M-24 pletely furnished, with bath. Inquire View. M-23,
20 Tank hill. M-23
FOR SALE Six cap Yale range. Ad- F0R RENT SO 00 square fet flooi
vertised and sold two weeks ago FOR RET Two nicely furnished space. Suitable for warehouse, cen
with $2.50 deposit, not taken. Any- rooms. No. 3 Curve street, opposite trally located in business district.
oke can have it for the old price, Convent. M-23 Address W. H Review. 2-dh
J-iess the 12.50. No. 30 Upper. Lo- FOR RENT-Four rooms completely FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
: furnished" with bath, at Warren, for light housekeeping, lights and
FOR SALE Furniture for four room three blocks east and one block water. Rent reasonable. 103 Mason
house, new last November. All to- north of postoffice. L E. Wilks. hill. Phone 736. M-27
gether or by the piece. 46 Mason M-24 :
hill Mrs ' Keener M 3 " FOR RENT Two housekeeping
- '. " FOR RENT Two nice rooms for rooms. Apply fourth bridge and
FOR SALE Seven passenger Stude- ht housekeeping, $15; lights andf Clawson car stop. M-27
baker, fine equipment. Thia is a water furnished. 16 Tank hill. M-24
bargain. Will sell on easy payments. rriT, 1 7 FOR RENT Three room furnished
See W. L. Smart, the Chevrolet man, F0RfcRHT Nice, I00111 unfur' aPartment. near car stop. Gas, lino-
or address Box 607 Bisbee M nushed house with bath, up city leum, wood stove. Phone Red 771.
' ' steps, across from Lincoln school, , M-25
FOR RENT Furnished apartment Adams addition. M-26
and two room cottage close in FOR SALE Four room house, screen
Phone 812. Park hoteL Opera Drive: F0R f!-!1 r,0om-3 ll Prch- lare yard- weli improved.
ij 0- - and $10, board if desired. 75 School 48 Bailey hilL M-25
- hill. juBt west of the Y.W.CJL M-26 :
old tires, extra lights, $300. No. 6 WANTED Boys to act as substitutes
Kruger flats. ' M-25 FOR RENT Five room furnished for paper routes in Bisbee and vicin-
FOR SALE-Furniture at bargain ' house' modern- Phone Green ity" Ie at Review office. tf
with privilege of renting house. 200 ; ' "a WANTED Party desiring to join ex-
Tombstone canyon, Met stop. FOR RENT Three furnished rooms. pedition to Siberia to work proven
Phone Black 815. M-25 119 Upper Lowell. M-27 placer ground, will sign over half in-
rnD ... . . terest in proceeds of trip to some
J, ?f LEne Fwd roadster, 1918 FOR RENT Three room furnished . one who will help finance same.
S 1, JJ4?, v 7,,?e w Inquire C. bouse. Call at Mourner apartments. Sure thing, investigate. H. R care
H. Albert. Bakerville hotel. M-29 next to Dr. Bledsoe. M-25 Review. M-23
FOR SALE Furniture, with privilege FOR RENT One seven-room furnish- c.
of renting house, one room rented. ed house. Campbell avenue. Warren. Oltuations Wanted
33 Quality hilL Do not apply Sun- Splendid opportunity to sub-rent. FcrnsT
ky- M-24 Call Red 845. M-23 female -
FOR SALE Babys sulky, iovry color- FOR RENT Three rooms furnished. umJ1009"9'
ed reed, in good condition. Price 237 School hilL M-25 Fii7 ir iq on 91 o 91
$10. E. F. Irving. Phone Green 316. M 11-12-13-14-15-16-17-18-19-20-21-22-23-
M-23 FOR RENT Cheapest rooms In Bis- Z42a
bee, lights and water paid, car stop,
FOR SALE In Warren, furniture for no hills. Phone Red 771. M-23 round
four rooms, $2S0. Privilege of rent-
ing house at $30. Phone 748. M-29 FOR RENT You light housekeepers, FOUND Gold rim glasses in Lowell.
four room house, all conveniences, Owner call at Review. M-2Mr-tf
ri)R SALE Eight rooms furniture by cheap, if you tuy my furnishings.
&k ld 7-T' nnse' Nf-- Rentv6pare room- You elimjn- Female Help Wanted
tnone Red 71. M-2a ate house rent. Can easily sub-let
HOME FOR SALE-LoweU. two min- 1'" m0ney back- ED7C for Private family,
utes walk from postoffice. four BUck 847' 1 ite only Phone o43. M-2a
rooms and furniture, ' fruit trees, FOR RENT Four room furnished WANTED Maid for general house
large yard. Will sacrifice, leaving house in Jiggerville. Stewart Grant, work. Mrs. C. T. Knapp. Phone
town. Phone Black 707 or 264. or Grant's Building. Lowell. M-23 599 M"l-tf
see Gus Borrego. ILowell. M-28
' - - T, ? FOR RENT Four lurnislied rooms. WANTED Laundress one day of each
FOR SALE Stove, beds, ice box, sew- Phone Blue 867. M-24 week. Phone 3S0 M-23
.,ing machine, chairs jtnd. . dresser. FOR SALE 22 room furnished house
237-A School hilL M-23 at a bargain. Broadway rooms. M-23 WANTED Colored woman wants
' ... Z I 1, work. Phone 660. M-24
FOR SALE Bedding, sheets and com- FOR RENT New three room furnish-
forter and one sanitary couch. In- ed house." Mrs. Win wood, Winwood WANTED Maid for general house
quire Warren Drug. M-2S addition. M-26 work. D. M. Rait, Warren. A-l
FOR SALE Law library of H. S. FOR RENT Furnished modern apart- WANTED A woman to wash, 35c an
Noble, for sale by lot or volume. ment, water furnished, two rooms hour and car fare. S. L Bousman,
Inquire 1220 Eleventh street, Doug- and kitchenette, two closets and corner Navajo Trail and Briggs
las, Arir. M-23 bath, $20., 36 Johnson avenue, street. M-23
r 77: r -. Johnson addition. M-24-dh
LOTS FOR SALE Easy terms. Mrs. ... . ,
Winwood. Winwood addition. M-23 FOR RENT Two. three and four
"7 . room houses. 207 High road. M-23 . VTrn .
FOR SALE Furniture ana also elec- 1 . WANTED To rent, a Tour room un-
tric washer. 155 Opera Drive. M-Zi FOR RENT Three furnished house- furnished house in Bisbee, Lowell or
" keeping rooms with long sleeping Jiggerville by family of three adults.
FUR SALE Three room new modern porch. John Ceron, Warren, Black Permanent if suited. Address Box
concrete house, completely furnish- Knob "View. M-23 S6, Bisbee, Ariz. M-24
ed, corner lot, very good location. A .
bargain, $1400 cash, balance easy FOR RENT Three rooms furnished WANTED To rent, a four room fur
payments. See M. C. High, Allen for housekeeping, close in, $20 per nished house in Bisbee, Lowell or
building. Warren. M-20-tf month. 114 Opera Drive. M-23 Jiggerville by family of three adults
FOR SALE OR RENT Three room FOR RENT T hree furnished rooms, Triz! -m"'
furnished house, screen porch, gar- yellow house . opposite Loretto ' 2--
den fenced. 196 Miller hilL M-23 school. Phone 700. M-23 WANTED TO RENT A two or three
FOR SALE-1917 Hupmobile, A-l con- FOR RENT Well furnished nou pSrSdO Bo M-II
dition, new tires all around; Buick keeping rooms, no hills to climb. '
four, A-l condition; Ford truck. Star Rooming house, opposite City WAXTEDBy April lt four or more
very cheap; 1916 Chandler, new Park. M-2. TQQms furIlisned house. p Q
tires, perfect condition. Slag Dump 91 9n RishoB vii
Garage. M-24 FOR RENT Three nice clean house- 21i0 BlsDee- M1-J
keeping rooms, fine location. 101 ... , . , ,
FOR SALE Three room new modern Upper Lowell; also two rooms 2S V A N T E D Completely furnished
concrete house, completely furnish- Montana street. Johnson addition. housje f ab,out seven or. eight rooms,
ed. corner lot, very, good location. A M-26 Mu,st clos ? business district
bargain, $1400 cash, balance easy and near postoffice. Inquire at Re
payments. See M. S. High. Allen FOR RENT Two housekeeping view office. M-19-tt
buildins M--tf rooms, no childern. 49 O. K. street. 77 . . .
U"U1U M -lL . WANTED Two or three furnished
FOR SALE Cheap, one new safety FOR RENT Three room house, bath, room house by March 21, close in.
Hatch incubator, 240 egg. Inquire pantry and wash house, $15. Mrs. No children. Box 136S. M-2u
18 Tombstone canyon, opposite lum- James Gilbert, 50 Laundry hill. M-25 WANTED To buy, 'for cash, a three
ber yard. . M-23 pQR RENT Furnished housekeeping or four room house furnished or un-
FOR SALE Buick light stx In VI apartments; also furnished three furnished, in Lowell or Warren.
condition, run 6000 miles. Phone ro bouse, close in. 189 Temby What have you? Phone 264 or see
Red 717 M.05 avenue, one block north of high Gus Bcrrego. Lowell. M-2S
school. M-24
it citir ... . . BRVNCH MANAGER WANTED For
JTUR bALE JT will trade ior Bisbee FOR REXT Three room urnished old established Chicago concern. We
l?t.7- ne ln IjOS Keles. apartments. Knarr flats, Clawson. furnish full stock of goods, advertis
4axJ3o. Best residence section all hm M.23 ing matter, and equp store com.
Improvements. John P. Steffes. . p!etely. in good location, all at our
Phone Red 867. 2-2a-ti FOR RENT Three room furnished expense and pay you $40 a week sal-
apartment. Inquire California Bak- ary in addition to liberal share of
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon ery and grocery. O. K. street. M-23 the profits your store earns. Work
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo- - can be started in spare time. No iu-
ell, Johnson addition, each 30x60 FOR RENT Italian and French res- vestment or previous experieno
feet- -Address M. J. Greenan, Oak- taurant on O. K. street, completely necessary to secure this position. If
iand. Calif. General delivery. 875 furnished. Phone 9. B. Caretto. or y()U are a huBtIer and ant an op.
Hlgn- M -6 portunity to make $5000 to $15,000 a
r?5,SAiSnSiel BUUS" w FOR RENT-Two front rooms, fur- ar we want you and will pay you
Levin. LoelL Ariz. 597 nighed n- wUh Hg&g and water v.-e from the start Send me your
14 Laundry hill. Shearer. M-23 application today. S. Levy Mgr.,
I . Department 599, Coino Bldg., Chi-
Miscellaneous e- Ills- M -,3&3
TT r , , w GOLDEN IIQTEL-Steam heat, out- 'SUIA'!"CUL0S,S T35???
"TT1 clTliclZa of side rooms, running water, special RALE f
Sulphur Oil stock, amount rates to permanent guests. M-19-tf INHALATION I rtJ
chares. Any information leave with ; Jy
I. W. Wallace. M3 WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A.. School. Los tabii;hedaSthe l'
LOST-Over divide some time ago. i-nSSrlSoJSS: Kf
black fur glove. Return to Wayne Train for service .,gs has discovered a sue-
Northington. Lowell. Reward. M-23 Train for service. -bi cessrul remedy for
" : 'm i th,s isease to 6,ay jfl I
The Review office will pay for is- IVlOney to LOan cured 'n any climat i
sues -in good condition of February $5 TO $50 LOANED SALARIED PEO- For further information address '
ISth: M-20-dh-tf PLE Without security, furniture THE T. F. GLASS INHALANT CO.,
. : loans, cheapest rates, easiest pay- ' Mason BIdg., 4th &. Broadway, Los
EXCHANGE For auto or diamond. mcnts. Will cash your Liberty Angeles. Cal.
money maker, state riht moving bouds aud W. S. S. Cox Co., 7 Klines !
picture. T. T., Review. dh-tf Sparks buildii'g. tf-M-1 REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS 1
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, March 22 Succeeding
an active opening, mainly at irregular
advances, today's two hour session of
the stock market experienced a selling
movement, presumably for profits,
which cancelled most of the early
gains.
United States Steel was again the
leader, advancing to the new high
of the year of 100 5-8, but lost all its
gain and an additional fraction.
P00I9 lifted hide and leather prefer
red and American Can in the later
dealings, and some of the more ma
terial losses were partly overcome, but
steels and associated issues held at
lowest levels. Sales amounted to 600,
000 shares.
Further demoralization occurred in
the foreign exchange market.
Bonds eased in most branches, the
Liberty divisions shading when the
fourth 4 1-4's fell to the new low of
93.64. United States coupon and reg
istered 2's gained 1-4 per cent on call
during the week.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REVIEW
NEW YORK, March 22. Stocks
sought higher levels this week, the
chief factor In the further advance
being the decision of the steel trade
to reduce prices of finished and semi
finished products from 10 to about 15
per cent.
A reassuring feature in view of
sporadic labor deficiencies, was the
concurrent statement that the down
ward revision would not involve any
change of wages, except in isolated
instances.
Rails occupied ' their recent incon
spicuous place, but displayed better
tendencies later in the week on an
nouncement that the finance corpora
tion had formulated a plan for their
immediate requirements.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. March 22. Cotton
closed quiet at net 35 points lower to
25 points higher. New style May was
relatively firm selling up from $24.50
to $24.S5 and closing at $24.72.
METAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. March 22. The copper
market remained very quiet during
the early part of the week. Some
Scalers were still quoting electrolytic
at 14 c to 14?ic, but the market gen
erally was 14c New York or 25c Me-
livered.
GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, March 22. Although
corn today touched a new high price
record for the 1919 May delivery; the
gains as a rule did not last. Sharp
breaks in the value of rye and bar
ley pulled support away from corn,
and made the close unsettled, ic net
lower to Tsc iadvancl, with' May
$1.454 to $1.45 and July $1.37 to
$1.37. Oats finished c of fto lc
up, and provisions unchanged to 12c
higher.
Oats merely reflected the action of
corn. .1
Provisions developed strength not
withstanding sales that were ascribed
to packers . Firmness in the hog
market and the . temporary ascent of
corn were the chief incentives to buy
CLEARING HOUSE STATEMENT,
NEW YORK, March 22 The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $43,666,540 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
a decrease of $15,116,970 from last
week.
.FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS.
WASHINGTON. March 22. Govern
ment deposits in federal reserve banks
were increased by $135,000,000 during
the last week and deposits of mem
bers increased $70,300,000, while the
ratio of reserves to tnet deposits and
federal reserve note liabilities went
up two-tenths of 1 per cent. '
NEW YORK.
I J. Over-brook, Broker.
Closing quotations, March 21, 1919.
American Can 49
American Car 91
American Locomotive 6774
American Smelters 69 8
American Sugar 125Vi
B. & O 4S
Baldwin' S9
Beth. B 6S
C. '& O 5S
C.j f 4 2
Canadian Pacific 159
Central Leather 72
Crucible 6S
Distillers 65
Goodrich 1.63
Ind. Alcohol 1.43
Lackawanna 72
Marine 27U
Marine pfd 112H
Mex. Petroleum . 1.S3
Midvale ; 47U
Reading S5'4
Rubber 83 T
Rep. Steel '.S5
Studebaker 62a4
Steel .9STs
Southern Pacific 1.024
Sinclair Oil 44
Texas Oil 2.15H
Union Pacific 1.29
United Motors 44Vs
Westiughouse 47V
NEW YORK MINING.
Anaconda 61Ti
Alaska 03
Butte 23
Chino 34
Chile 1SU
Green Cananea 43
Inspiration .4S
Kennesott 30
Nevada 16
Old Dominion 31
Sliattuck 10
Utah ' Coppor . ." .' .73?i
BOSTON COPPERS.
Adventure 50
Allouez 3S
Az. Commercial .11
C. & A 57
C & H 3 90
C. Range 39
E Butte '.0S
Grauby .67
Hancock "J5
LEASED WIRE
Keweenaw
Lake
LaSalle
Mayflower
Mayflower
N. Butte
Nip '.
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Shannon
Sup. Boston
St. Marys
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS
A. & A
Arizona Silver King . .
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Cal .& Jar
Cornelia
Con. Copper ,
.01 I
.03 !
02 i
03 !
03
.10 1
.09 I
.45
.13
.54
.03 :
.02
.40
.08
.90
.14
.00
.00
.12
.16
.15
.04
01
.04
.16
.01
.03
.00
.16
r
.03
.04.
.00
.28
-2S
.02
-.50
.02
-1S
.SO
4.92
.32
.00
Con. Ariz
Cresson
Dann
Emma ; . . .
Gadsden
G. Monster
G. Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde .'
Magna Copper
Magna Chief
Miami Com.
Porphyry ,
Ray Here
Tom Reed
Tuolomus
U. Eastern
Verde Ex.
Verde Com.
Wol. Ariz
Curtiss
Wright Martin
Cosden
red. Oil
VI ",8
.11
.03
.07
.02
.04
-07
.01
Gien Rock
!sland Oil .,
Okmulgee
OATMAN.
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
Aria-Tom R I
Big Jim Cons
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore
Gold Road Bon
Goid Clifi
Lucky Boy ' ,
Sunnys&de
Telluride
.07 .08
.07 .08
.05
.10
.11 J2
.03 .04
.05 .06
.04 .05
.15'
.08 .07 1
.07 .08 f
.19 .21
1.68 1.69
4.95 5.00
.04 .05
.20
3.75 4.00
.37 .44
.12 J5
.S7 .94
.06 .07
.62 .69
.14 .16
.06 .12
.35 .40
.2S .30
1.62 1.87
.SI .S7
.02 .10 1
... 1.00
.IS .22
.27 .30
4.S7 5.12
.50 .60
.44 .50
.15
Unite dWestern
Red Lion
OTHER CUrtBS.
Green Monster
Butte London ..
Dundee
Venture Hill ..
Jerome Verde ..
Ark-Arizona . . ,
Ins-Needles 1 . . ,
Hull Copper . .
Magma Chief .,
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated ..
Night Hawk
Grand Island
Nacozari Consoldiated
Con. Cop. Mines
Porphyry
Cal. Jerome
Feather Rarer
CATARRH
of the
BLADDER
relieved in
24 HOURS
Each Cp
nlbnithWlDV nm - ,
Mm
GasFired Water
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Bisbee
BANCE
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Eto.
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE BREWERY GULCH
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
BISBEE TRANSFER
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OClce Opposite De4
PHONES 640 "and 53.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Yew
Patrenage
PHONE 3
If The Review does not
reach you properly phone the
Circulation Department.
WANTED! Men and Women
To represent us in their home town, easy, clean and
healthy work. Profits large. We have the beat medi
cines on the market. Ten different medicines to sell.
All the medicines are the prescriptions of famous pro
fessors. Only men and women should apply who can
and want to earn at least $150 per month extra. Write
to
LAXCARIN PRODUCTS COMPANY
Box 693 Department A. A., Pittsburgh, Pa.
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-oass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7; 30 p. m. Regular. Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L- J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber e Ce, Bosten, Duluth, CelmaeC
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AN 9 CHICASO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize la
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bid, Mala Street
23 Box 1129
C E HOGAFI
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN MOTEL
' Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Belew
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAil
v
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Heater
i!1
i
I
j
i-
' r
1 !
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1919.
SinUCK REPORT!
SjlK A-
Headquarters for
Victor and Sonora
Phonographs
Headquarters for I S
FOR PAST YEAR IS
Eastman Cameras and I !
Kodaks, Films, Etc.
s
i!0!l& FIRST OUT:
!i
The annual report of Shattuek-Ari- j j
A j uity qt
zona Copper, the first of the more j
j; TRADE MARK jj
i
iff
ir
7J tl
i
I
1
Vhvii Color
Oa A Tunc
Do You Like
Perhaps you dcn't re
alize there etc pink
pieces of mic, red
rags, violet zzz, and
blue melodies.
Thosa who know test
about musiossy .c;
and undoubtedly vo
have heard topical
songs with a cash
cf lavender.
Color crcpz out every
where. When Good
rich brought fcrih
. Black Tread rubber,
the color caught;and
soon a lot of tires
were singing the
black song in treads.
Of course it is quality, .
not color, that makes
Goodrich treads out
wear others.
The distinctive color
ing of Sil vertown
Cord Tires, and their
graceful modeling
make them much
sought by motorists
to dress smart cars.
But Goodrich would
make them ugly as
an old shoe if ugli
ness would add an
other mile to their
durability.
"Quality First" rules
i in S'lvprtnvvn fYrrrl
Tires, and Silver
town quality lasts.
Get Silvertowns for
service; beauty grs
with it.
LBuy Goodrich
Tres from a
Dealer Jgh
SiLVERTOi
JjCOBD TIRE
J LONG RUU" I
3 Pltk
sir'. ' ii
ii
,.-V. 'ri'!:..!'';c: 1
h
...-A ft. . Si .
Per share
- $0.69'
2.03 !
S.CS i
3.1:6 ii
1.5!) !
suits for 19 IS, was not up to general jj
expectations. The balance available j
for dividends was $243,467, equivalent i !
to buy 69 cents a share, compared :
with prots of $713,641 in 1917, equal!
to $2.03 a share.
The quarterly reports covering the ! y
rst nine months of last year, indi-'t
cated prcTits for the year equivalent '.
to $2.00 a share, the nine months' '
earnings being equal to $1.C0 a share, i
"of which 53 cents a share was earned :
in the first quarter.. 33 cents a share
in the second cuarter and 74 cent a '
share in the third quarter. The re-'. ,)
ports covering the quarterly periods, ; a
however, make no allowance for de-!?J
preciation. The annual report shows H
a charge for depreciation of $541,191:3
in 121S, compared with $763,S59 in ; ff
1917. ' j
The amount charged to depreciation '
last year was equivalent to $1.60 a ;
share. The 1S17 depreciation charge
was equal to $2.14 a share. j
A comparison of earnings for the '
past five years shows: !
Surplus for
stock
191S $243,467
1917 713.641
1916 3.039.077
1915 1.142.C64
1914 ? 56,S55
The Shattusck report says: "Copper
ore production during the year aver
aged 315 tons per day for each work
ing days. The general shortage of la
bor prevented the accomplishment of
our aims to increase mine output.
The decrease intonnage mined, to
gether with a gradual decline in the
copper contents of mine output, is
resDOnsible for t"l falling nff nf mot.
al production for the year. The year ' 3
iiuseu w.uu costs 01 supplies ana:
wages of labor at the highest point j
in the history of our operations with
the result that our costs of copper
production are reaching the danger!
limit of profitable operation under'
present market conditions. !
"The total amount of new develop-!
mert work done during the year -was
r bout the same as during 1917 but :
without favorable results in the de-
velopment of commercial copper ores, j
Between 800 and 900 foot levels a'
large body of primary sulphides highi
in iron and sulphur, assaying approxi-
niately 2 per cent copper, was exposed I
and a farther development of this area i
is being prosecuted as the year closes j
un gooa prospects 01 opening out
sulphide ores assaying more than 4
per cent copper.
"Throughout the remainder of the
area prospected, although small pock
ets of good ore have been encountered
as detailed under the developments of
ach levei, yet it is a fact that the new
openings made during the year did not
expose any important tonnage of new
commercial ore.
"There is as yet a large area of
limestones, geologically favorable for!
ore deposition, both latterally and !
deeper than onr present workings. tj
rronr nfftrt i ct ,u; - ,i 2 N
lish the development of these areas j
consistent with good mining practice, j
It is the expectation of your mine
management that new ore bodies will
be found when the development of un
explored areos is cacomplished.
"The milling plant for low grat-i
lead ores began operations on a limit-!
eJ. scale July 1, 1918. Electric power j
is supplied by the local power com-'
pany, which was not able to deliver a !
sufficient amount of power for fu:? '
operations until November, 1918. a!
total tonnage of 27.851 wet tons of low '
grade lead ore was concentrated and j
2930 tons of concentrates were ship-'
ped to the lead smelters at El Paso. !
The average assay of ore treated was
C.6 per cent lead, 8.1 ounces silver and
.07 ounces gold.
"Development work in the lead bear
ing section of the mine developed good
tonnages of milling ore, assaying 6
per cent lead, 8 ounces silver and $1.20
per ton in gold. Loss of Kilvpr in the
milling operations has been excessive
and every effort is being made to re-
cover these losses. The milling plant !
is complete, although minor changes
must be made, to obtain maximum efficiency.-,
"The total development work for the
year 1918 was 15,125 feet."
The general balance sheet of Decern
ber 31, 1918, shows:
Assets
1918
Prop accounts ..$6,202,276
Ca3h on hand . . . 760,319
Liberty bonds .. 786,428
Int. accrued on
govt, bonds ... 5,860
Accounts rec. .. 259,968
Metal on hand
and in transit . 489,373
Ore and concen
trates on hand 63,741
Mate r i als and.
supplies 139,521
Suspense items . 8,735
1917
$3.084.64S
1,4S0,815
500,000 i
5,058
743.04&
7,352
133.8S6
220
Total
$3,716,225
. Liabilities
Capital stock ...$3,500,000
Prop sur less cap
distrib 3,926,515
Accts pay and
taxes 175,295
Charges not yet
due 45,868
Sundry expenses
not due 15,713
Re3 for accidents 42,349
Res for bond" pay 100.000
Divsrnclaimed .. 113
Div3 payable Jan.
20, 1919 175,000
Prop sur unliqui
dated Surp from oper.. 809,095
$5,955,028
$3,500,000
299,629
53,809
I ,7 ' ' '' r it" V, X v.rS
lil'l Th T Ii ' . ' , IS!
-.v a mil
W ' We
!Af . A
INTRODUCING THE
i w V ' -
f3
spring ana oummer
Nineteen Nineteen
fol
1
X
is3.
NCE AGAIN dame fashion has waved her
magic wand, and-from out of the inner-.
most recesses of that mysterious place we calif
the imagination, she has summoned the con-S
ceptions tot the creations which we now askf
you to view.
Creations more charming, more lovely, we have never had the pleasure of presenting you for
selection in any previous Spring Showing. To see them is to admire them, desire them, to own
them. That's all we can say. That's the way we feel about them and that's the way we think!
that everyone will feel who is fortunate enoigh to feast her ej'es upon this gorgeous display of 1
Afternoon Dresses in Georgettes and Silk Voile, Embroidered Taffetas and Crepe de Chene.
also the INew Blouse Coat handsomely trimmed and the New Capes and Dolmans in Wool Ve-
lour Tricotines and Serges beautifully lined in Silks and self-coloring.
JJ -. T y-JT- OJU It
I A if. T 11 It,
ji Ws- Aitr
11
Spjing
Color plays a very im
waist styles. Biegeand
f ollowin gojadmirers,
"China BlueJVsemso
are oJTGerette,
Wool, etc., adorned with
bands, pretty little tuck:
8W' fit) '
li
Blouses
portant part in the new
Navy Blue have a long
eadnfavjor-JUaterials ,
CrepdeOiine, Cotton,
square and round collars,
and pleats.
I t e s:Jl,i -1
I I MUVJ
1 sU-JErf
II
1 1 n xm
The New "
Spring Millinery
The small hat is the call of the Spring Season, cu
rious breaks and points and angles in all manner
of odd developments give the new shapes marked
individuality over those of the past season. You
will surely want one for wear on Easter Sunday,
and as long as you will, why not come in and pick
it out now.
Srii?
H5,000 j
,4 Few Odd Sweaters
to Close Out
Only about 2 dozen in this lot and
come in fibre silk Shetlands and Mer
cerized. Values in this lot up to
$15.00. To close out tomorrow
Your Choice, $4.95
Bed Sheets
When housewives around this vicinity
and in numerous adjacent places want
domestics of quality, this is the place
they come to get them.
Bed Spreads 81x90 inches, made of
regular grade good soft muslin.
Extra Special, (7 EQ
Tomorrow, ea. P-- OZf
(Pillow Cases to Match)
special Silk Offering
Messaline and Taffetas 36 inches wide in a big
variety of color combinations, in Stripes and
Plaids. If these were purchased in the regular
way, you would pay $2.50 yd.
Monday, Special $1.69
Percales
You all know what kind of fabric
these percales are. We know ' you
have bought them before and had to
pay 35c yd. Tomorrow in dark or
light colors 36 inches wide.
Just the thing for house
dresses and aprons. Regu
lar 35c quality. .
Special,
per yard
25c
H !
f
t
ToUl
$?.716,225
i