i
WEATHER
J
1'
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much change
in temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
v
VOL. 21, NO. 201.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
otto
I-
.-A
TROOPS SAFE
ABOARD SHIP
OH SAND BAR
is
American Soldiers
Seek Adventure in
Avenues of Berlin
Northern Pacific Bringing
24S0 Soldiers Home, Goes
Aground Off Fire Island;
Danger of Life Loss Past
NEW YORK. Jan. 1. Relatives of
men aboard the United States trans
port Northern Pacific, aground on a
sand bar off Fire Island, ne?-.I .iav no
fear for their safety, according to a
wireless message from Captain Con
nelly, commanding, received tonight
by the Associated Press.
"Northern Pacific Is. in no danger," i
said Captain Connelly's message.
"Relatives of soldiers and crew need
have lit) fear for their Bafety. The
soldiers in all probability will be
landed tomorrow or whenever winds .
shift to northward of west."
Take Every Precaution
The naval authorities are taking ev
ery precaution, however, to guard the
lives of the 24S0 soldiers aboard the
transport, nearly 1700 of whom are
sick or wounded. A breeches buoy has
been rigged from the shore to the
vessel, ready for use at any time if it
is deemed best to risk further injury
to the stretcher cases by removing
them from the craft, while 13 destroy
er and naval tugs are standing by to
lend assistance in emergency.
The transport, which struck the
sand bar in a heavy fog at 3:30 o'clock
this morning, was resting more eaisly
tonight and was approaching an even
keel, although she had listed heavily
earlier in the day, making progress
difficult about her slippery decks, over
which high seas were washing. She
was a considerable distance off shore
when she went aground, but now has
been, driven to within less than 300
yards of the beach. '
Fierce Wind Blowing
The wind still was blowing from the
BERLIN, Tuesday. Dec 31, (By
the Associated Press.) The ambi
tion of five American soldiers to
be the first of the American expe
ditionary forces to reach Berlin is
likely to have serious results for
them.
The men who arrived here Sun
day, were attached to the 125th In
fantry regiment now at Coblraz. ?
They were absent without leave
and unexpectedly ran into mem- S
bers of the American military corn-
mission here in connection with !
the repatriation of prisoners. i
One of the men has been cap- 5
tured and is being detained, while
the Berlin police are seeking the
j other four.
SUPREME COUR
T GIGANTIC
III
I
I
ASK
T
UPHOLDS PRESS FACES AMERICA
LIBEL SUIT! WAR FIELDS
Sailors Lost When
British Yacht Hits
on Scotland Shores
E. Dana Johnson, of Santa Fe,
New Mexico, Secures Decis
ion Sustaining Guaranteed
Freedom of Speech
HflTHAM RAIIWAVS!
Herbert C. Hoover, of Com
mission for Relief in Bel
gium, Says 60 Per Cent of
Population Is Destitute
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. Relief
work being carried ' on in northern
F'rarce by the commission for relief
FACE BANKRUPTCY
DECLARES
SHONTS
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 1. Theodore P.
Shcnts,' president of the Interborough
Rapid Transit company, which oper
ates the subway and elevated lines In
the boroughs of Manhattan and the
Bronx, addressed a letter to the muni
cipal government tonight, declaring
that unless an 3 per cent fare is grant
ed the company faces bankruptcy.
The appeal to the administration
was made as a partner in the "dual
subway, contracts," under which the:
underground transportation lines are
being built jointly by the city and
corporation. He pointed out that for
the year ending June 30 last, there
was a deficiency of approximately
$3,000,000 in subway and elevated
earnings, compared with the amounts
which the company was entitled to
receive under its operating contract.
"For the next three years," said Mr.
Shonts, "if the fare remains at five
j (By Review Leased Wire)
j SANTA FE. N. M., Jan. 1. E. Dana
Johnson, editor of the Santa Fe New
Mexican was Yriripratari nf rharcoa
of contempt, on which he had been in Belgium and the pitiable condition
convicted by Judge Merritt C. Mechem of lhe 1.500,000 inhabitants of that
of the Seventh district court on Sep- i section who escape the German in
tember 10. 1917. in a decision todav I vasion is described J in a cablegram
I by the state supreme court reversing receive! at headquarters of the com-
! Judge Mechem's decision. j " ii.m here from Heroert i.. Hcover
,; Mr. Johnson had been held guilty 1 1:1 r'aris.
lof contempt and sentenced to 30 days Mr. Hoover t mess.ife. maae puone
in Jail'uy Judge Mechem for editorial ' msm. reveaiea mat u;e worn 01 re
criticism of the judge following thei!ie'' alld rehabilitation in France will
trial of a libel suit hrnnelit airainst I fall more heavily on! the commission
I the New Mexican by Henry Dreyfus of tnan "r.d t'el expectf-l. the destruc
! Socorro, N. M. ticn wrought by the German army
Sustain Freedom of Press v's so complete. -Mr.! Hoover said,
i In overruling the iudement of the that the relief work must include not
lower court the supreme court held I onI' 10311 anJ clothing, but housing
that "under our theorv of covernment over a coi:siaeraDie area.
LONDON. Jan. 1. Two hundred I
and seventy sailors were drowned !
today as the result of the loss of J
the British steam yacht Ioluire off
Stornoway. Scotland. I
The yacht had 3i0 sailors on
board. They were on New Year's i
holiday leave. The vessel struck on 5
the dangerous rocks known as "the j
beasts of Helm," near Stornoway (
harbor and only about 30 of them
were saved. Many of these were
terribly injured in their efforts to
) reach the shore.
All the officers and crew of the
I Iolaire were lost.
hii bii 11 1 11 n 111 ni
rttLnufl IrMrllALii (lCCC
LUUUU
m ioit mm
IU VI0SI aui'i
ST
The Iolaire was a vessel of 362
(nna Qha u-au lnilt in 1Utl an1
before the war belonged to the es- j
late 01 me laie ir uonuiu (.urne
COUNTY OFFICERS
FACE BIG PUZZLE
TANK PLACES
the right of freedom of speech and of
the press are essential to the public
welfare" and thai while the right of
free speech does not warrant attacks
upon courts or judges which witi in
terfere with the administration of jus
tice, nevertheless "the force of public
opinion has greately restrained the
Enlarging Organization.
An enlarged organization to handle
the situation is being built up and sup
plies have been obtained from the
quartermaster's department of the
Att.iiaa army. A large amount of
second-hand barrack ! material also
haj been taken over, and 150 volun-
courts in the exercise of the Dower to : teers lrom the American navy are
punish for making disrespectful or in- j superintending the construction of
iurious remarks" concerning the judi- barracks near ruined p illages for the
ciary. Inhabitants.
The opinion, which was lengthy, I Industrial life in the invaded region
was written by Justice Reed Hollo-1 has been almost completely paralyzed,
man and concurred in fully by Chief j Mr. Hoover said. Railroads have been
Justice Richard H. Hanna and as to 1 rendered almost hopeiess of recon
result"by Justice Frank W. Parker. structlon for many months, the coal
The case has attracted widespread ! mines have been destroyed and there
attention because of the nature of the I is scarcely a single factory that can
question involved affecting the free-, be operated without a very large por-
cents, the city will have to raise by-
southwest tonight but had somewhat taxation, on account of interest and
abated, although the sea Continued J sinking fund on its investment in the
rough and there was a very heavy fog interborough subways, sums aggregat-
dom of the press.
Judge Mechem in finding Mr. John-
! son guilty of contempt, also adjudged
the New Mexican Publishing company
guilty but no punishment was.-inflict-
off shore. Mariners predicted, how
ever, that the wind would shift to the
northwest before morning, making
conditions favorable for transferring
the troops to destroyers. If this is
done the men will be brought direct
to New York.
The Oak Island coast guard crew
went alongside in a small boat this
afternoon after two attempts to tire
a line across the transport's bow had
proved untuccessful. From the line
which the coast guards carried with
them, the breeches buoy was rigged.
Unless the danger increases, how
ever, the buoy will not be put to use,
but should the soldiers be landed on
Fire Island, a fleet of small craft will j
be utilized to transport them to Bay
Shore, where the naval air station has
been turned into a huge emergency
hospital with medical and food sup
plies rushed from New York by the
Red Cross. A large number of ambu
lances are assembled there ready to
transfer the sick and wounded from
the boats to the hospital.
Soldiers Line Decks
When he returned after taking the
life line aboard, the captain of the
coast guard crew reported that the
transport had listed to such an extent
tion of new equipment.
"The commission for relief in Bel
gium," said Mr. Hoover's message,
"had hoped to surrender the task of
relief of northern France to the French
ing $12,000,000, Irrespective of inter
est on the city's other bonds. If the
fare is increased to eight cents, re
course to taxation will not only be pre- j
vented, but the city will receive from
the interborough lines over 12,000,000
in cash."
Mr. Shounts letter came close on
the heels of the appointment of a
temporary receiver for the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit company. It was fol
lowed by a statement by Travis H.
Whitney, a member of the public serv
ice commission, in which be declared:
"A crisis is upon the city," because
the board of estimate has refused to
sanction increased fares.
ed upon the company. Cpt. Bronson government immediately upon the
Cutting. V. S. A., formerly of New 1 German retreat, it has been found
York city, and president of the pub-1 impossible, however, for the French
lishing company, was cited for con
tempt by Judge Mechem but his case
was not tried because of his absence
as military attache at the American
embassy in London.
History of Case
The case grew out of charges made
government to undertake the food
supply of this area for some months
to come, and upon the urgent request
of that government, the commission
has decided to continue.
Dependent on Rations.
"After the four-year paralysis of
during the libel suit when Mrs. Cabot J wholesale and retail business, with
... j r - e r i :.. . . 41. n . 1 , . 1 i .. 1 ..... ..
PROBE RIOTING
(By Review I -eased Wire)
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 1. Announce
ment was made here tonight that the
navy department had ordered an in
vestigation by a board of Inquiry into
the rioting here early this morning by
sailors and soldiers in which one Bail
or was killed and several others in
jured. Naval officers said that sailors
guilty of inciting or participating in
the riot would be tried by court mar-
that it was difficult for him to keep Hal and dishonorably discharged from
his footing on the decks. Notwlth- j the service after which they would
standing this fact, he said, soldiers I probably be turned over to the civilian
who were able to be about lined the authorities for trial under state laws.
rails, cheering lustily any attempt to i Norfolk was quiet tonight and with
aid them
Breaking through the fog which to-'
night shrouded the Northern Pacific
were the lights of destroyers and tugs,
while on the shore burned great fires,
lighted by coast guards. These guards
stood watch, prepared to put out ;n
email boats, if any immediate danger
menaced the transport.
The thick weather made observa
tion difficult when the transport,
which left Brest on Christmas day,
went across the sand bar between
Point O' Woods and Fire Island. The
sea, roughing at dawn, prevented all
efforts to remove the troops.
In Dangerous District
The roast guards declared tonight
that had the vessel struck certain oth
er bars in the vicinity she would have
been smashed to pieces in a relatively
short time. The shore is dotted with
the hulks of other ships which ended
their career In the "graveyard of the
Atlantic." It was near this point that
the United States steamship San
Diego was sunk last summer.
A relief expedition of 150 medical
officers, nurses and hospital orderlies
left embarkation headquarters at Ho
boken this afternoon for Fire Island.
The party was commanded by Colonel
Valentine, Inspector general, and Col.
H. S. Kerrick, superintendent of trans
portation. On his return tonight Colonel Ker
rick reported to Major General
Shanks, head of the embarkation serv
ice that, "there appears to be no cause
for undue alarm over the safety of the
troops and there is absolutely no oc
casion for worry at the present mo
ment on the part of relatives or
friends."
extra naval guards patrolling the
streets no further trouble was antici
Ward of New York city, wife of Lieu
tenant Colonel Ward, U. S. A., and
sister of Captain Cutting, announced
that she detected one of the attorneys
for the plaintiff signalling answers
during cross-examination. Captain
Cutting subsequently filed disbarment
charges against the attorney but upon
the destruction of the principal towns
Faced by counter opinions and de
cisions, with sudden possibility that
their plans will be frustrated, with
ind.-cision if they can legally proceed
.Tiid wi'.h numerous other puzzling sit
uations, county officers of Cochise
county who hae planned to take
ov?r their offices this morning, last
nlgUt had not reached a decision as to
what hhould be done. Attorney Gen
eral Wiley E. Jones opened the "Pan
dora box" on the day preceding when
h ruled informally that they cannot
take office until January 6.
Plans made for turning over the
office of, the boaid of supervisors were
last night in the air. Sherirr Guy C,
Weich, wiio becomes the county treas-j
iu unices at once witn me responsi
bilities or the county funds forced on
him by the departure for Phoenix of
H. S. Ross. Sheriff James F. McDon
ald, wan has completed arrangements
for opening his office, is in the same
quandary.
Attorney General's Opinion.
Attorney General Jones handed
down his opinion at the request of
C. B. Wilson, county attorney of Co
conino county, and declared that sher
iffs, county recorders, county treas
urers, county assessors, county attor
neys, county school superintendents
and members of the boards of super
visors will all be prohibited from as-
ai'.d shops, these trades have disap-, suniing Jurisdiction of their respective
unices until January 6. The opinion
is based on Section 3 of Article 12, of
the state coustitution, which provides
that the county officers above men
tioned shall take office on the first
Amnday in January, 1911 The con
Important Results Expected as
Outcome of Conference i
With King, Premier, For-!
eign Minister and Pope j
FORTUNE II
mm
(By Review Leaned Wire)
PAHIS. Jan. 1. President Wilson
tonight is en route to Rome, where
he will be the guest of King Victor'
Emmanuel. During his stay iu the
Italian capital, he will visit the pope!
and also the Methodist colleae and 1
will continue his conference with the!
king. Premier Orlando and Baron j
Sonnino, the foreign minister. 1m-; it i
r.rtrf-mf rpu:llr j -i ro . v nucrw A frnm hial vIXICSS
visit, which will be the last to the
allied countries before the beginning!
of the peace conference.
Immediately after breakfast this
morning, the president went with
Mrs. Wilson and Rear Admiral Cary
T. Grayson, his personal physician, to
the beautiful St. Cloud course under
gray, but rainless, clouds and played
golf for an hour.
Takes Day Off.
There was a quiet family New
Year's dinner at the Murat mansion.
No business was put before the presi
dent. His only departure from the in
junction of Admiral Grayson to de
vote the day to complete relaxation
and repose came in the afternoon
when he received a New Year's call
from President and Madame Point-are
and later visited Col. E. M. House,
with whom he had a conference. Be
yond this he had no appointments.
The conferences in Rome with the
Italian statesmen will, in a sense, be
Administration Officials Cal
culate 1918 Deficit at More
Than $150,000,000; Six
Months Needed to Retrieve
Congress Approves
Five Year Extension, Uncle
Sam Must Bear Loss; Other
Sums Omitted in Report
(By Review Leae Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1 The gov
ernment's loss in operating railroads
in 1913 is calculated by railroad ad
ministration officials at less than
$150,000,000. This represents the dif
ference between the amount the gov
ernment mill be compelled to pay ral'.
rcad companies as rental for the use
of their properties the so-called guar
anteed return and the net income,
which the government will receive
from the railroads.
It will take six months more of re
ceipts from the increased freight rates
to permit the government to recoup
a luiiiiiiuaiiuu ui iuvsc ii- lu 1 1 i nuru I us lusses. OlllCiaiS Deiieve if COU-
King Victor Emmanuel visited Paris gresa does not approve the proposed
and the president also talked with
Premier Orlando and Foreign Minister
Sonnino. The results of President
five year extension of federal control.
and as a consequence. President Wil
son carries out his announced inten-
nusons conierences wun me urn- lion ot returning the roads to private
ish premier, David Lloyd George and management at an early date, the
Foreign Minister Balfour, which have government's loss will not be made
not yet been fully disclosed, probubly up. .
will have an important relation to the : Other Sums Not Included
continuation of the conferences wih This deficit does not include the
the Italian leaders. I big suas between S150.0o0.v00 and
The working membership of the ! $2o0.000,0"0 which have been loaned
pcared and the people are today de
pendent upon a ration issued directly
to tliem just as before the German
evacuation. Until transport and trade
can be rehabilitated the present sys
tem must go on, for the French dis-
Judge Mechem's filing an affidavit ap- tribution is done by the trades. These j stitution provides for the revision of!
parently sustaining the attorney's de-j arrangements necessitate -some reor-1 this Section by enactment of laws, j
niai OI guilt me uar tiauuucia
American commission has been thor
oughly organized during the presi
dent's absence in England, and every
thing is practically ready to begin
business when he returns from Italy.
There appoars no reason for altering
the forecast made four weeks ago
that President Wilson intends to be
tack in Washington before the clos
ing of the American congress on
March 4, or that, if necessary, he will
return to France early in the spring
to continue his work. There are,
however, some indications that the
president's hope that his return will
not be necessary may be realized.
POLES MARCH ON BERLIN
(By rtevlew Leased Wire)
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 1. A Pol
ish army of 30,000 men is march
ing on Berlin, according to a disy
patch received here, quoting rum
ors at the German capital.
Gustav Noske, member of the
Ebcrt "cabinet. In harge of mili
tary affairs, is said to have or
dered the fifth German division
to meet the Poles.
GERMAN TAXATION PLAN
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
dis
missed the proceedings,
The New Mexican then published an
article asserting that Judge Mechem's
affidavit was at variance with state
ments he made during the trial and
sought to show that business and per
sonal afifliations of the judge might
have prompted the making of the affi
davit. When Mr. Johnson, Captain Cutting
and the New Mexican were cited for
contempt the defeudant filed an an
swer asserting that the criticisms ap
plied to an action of Judge Mechem
taken outside his judicial position and
did not affect his position and that
the matter was the continuation of a
political campaign the newspaper had
been conducting for several years.
Fines Johnson's Attorney
Judge Mechem struck out all of the
grounds for defense and fined Jude
Edward R. Wright, one of Mr. John
son's attorneys, for contempt for hav
ing filed such an answer. At the con
tempt hearing the court denied the
defendants the privilege of submitting
evidence but after having announced
his decision permitted Mr. Johnson
to make a statement explaining his
position and granted an appeal.
In submitting the case to the su
PLAN GREAT RECTPTION.
ganization of the relief work and its but such a change has never been1 KUllt luesaay, Dec. oi-uy the
entire separation from Belgium. j made, the attorney general says. Associated Press.) Preparations for
"Twenty members of the commis-j Nearly every newly elected officer ,he reception of President Wilson in
sion for relief in Belgium who joined j in the state has made plans for tak- Rcme are beinS carried out actively
the American army as officers have ing over his respective duty today, niRDt and day- Tne v,a Kazionale is
been released by General Pershing to: and all or nearly all have properly ! beflaSKed' ,ts wnole length from the
undertake this work. qualified by taking their oaths 0f Uroad station to the quirinal, bunt-
The population of this area at the'olfice and filing the necessary bond. ,nB "-v,ns lTom Hagstaffs surmounted
moment of the retreat was about l.-i mis is especially true in Cochise
500.000, there being also about 300.000 1 county.
refugees in Belgium who are return- One Ray of Hope.
ing and some 500,000 refugees in I One ray of hope remains to th
by gilded Images of "Victor'."
At the capitol, where the president
will be received by the municipality,
which will confer on him the title of
"Citizens of Rome." the preparations
are specially elaborate. The spacious
newly elected officers that the same
action will be taken in this rnimtv no
has already been taken in Maricopa I nalls of ,he caP',0l are being hung
The Review last night inquired intolUh Priceless tapestries and decorat
the scope of the attorney general's 1 ed wlth 'lowers an(1 Plants- All the
opinion, and into its elfect in Mari-8hoDS are 8nowinK tne American col
copa. Through the Associated Press ! ors' anJ ,n their 'ndows are portraits
oi t'resiaeni w uson. i ne newspapers
today print cuts of President Wilson
and also portraits of Washington and
France, ail of whom are anxious to
return to their native soil.
Stupendous Problem.
"The destruction of some 20 prin
cipal towns and literally hundreds of
villages renders the return of these
refugees a stupendous problem.
Every effort is being made to restrain j (he following information wa3 ob
them from going hack until some tained:
svstematic nrovislrm for shelter can i "Attorney General Jnnea nca an
be completed, but they evade all offi-j informal opinion on Monday tnat the! LincoIn- These cuts serve as illustra-
cial urt,ings and the roads are a con-! incoming county officials would take """8 lur "'"Krapuicai armies in
tinuous procession of these pitiable! ofike on Monday. January 6. 1m-
which President Wilson's role is dwelt
heart-breaking degree.
"In order to remedy this situation to
preme court, the defense argued that j some extent the commission for relief
under decision of Judge Mechem the i in Belgium has obtained the services
filing of a libel suit during a political of 150 sailors from the Amerl. au navy
campaign automatically would stop all and is taking over a large amount of
I further criticism of the plaintiff under i second-hand barrack material from the
bodies. Thousands of them reach I mediately thereafter f'nuntv Attnrnov "P0-
their villages to find every vestige ! Laney pointed out that the law spe- In ,ne s(luare at ,ne station, where
of shelter destroyed and finally wan-l clfically fixed January 1 as the day'the President will arrive, the flag
der into the villages further backjfor change of office; that only the;staffs bear sil,o,Ss wl,n the arms ot
from the actual battle area which are i term oi the governor ends on January 1 redeemed Italian towns upon them, in
themselves already overcrowded to a J - The view of the county attorney clud,nS those of fum a"d Spalato.
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 1. A dispatch j penaity 0f contempt and would thus ! navy and army. These barracks are
..um urnui liih mo "i" D abrogate the constitutional guarantees
commissioners, in agreement with sec- of thft frppdon, 0f the Dress.
retary of finance, have decided that
war profits shall be collected in the
shape of an extraordinary war levy for
the year 1919; second, that there shall
Attorney General Harry L. Patton,
who appeared before the supreme
court for the -state, held that the pub
lication of the article complained of
be an extraordinary levy on the in-i.plj r,,,., Mechem un to enntemnt
creuseu vaiue or property ana mat an
property remaining after tho collec
tion of war profits shall be subjected
to a large general levy.
INFLUENZA IN PHOENIX.
P.v Review Lessed Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 1. A fresh
outbreak of Influenza Is shown In
Phoenix by the report of 117 new
cases during the last 72 hours. This
follows a period of three weeks dur-
and ridicule and was plainly contempt
of court.
Herbert D. Mason, formerly of New
York city, who appeared as special
counsel for Mr. Johnson before the
supreme court, issued the following
statement, reviewing the court's de
cision: "The decision in the New Mexican
contempt case ought to do much to
clear up many points concerning the
freeJom of the press and the law ot
contempt of court. Its clear recognl-
In course of erection adjacent to the
dstroyed villages, under the superin
tendence of the navy volunteers.
has been accepted by all of the county
officers of this county. The new
sherii'f took charge of bis office today
and the other offices, which are not
open on holidays, will
tomorrow."
May Follow Example.
CALLS ON MADAME POINCARE.
PARIS, Jan. 1. llpfore leaving jr
Rome, PresiJent Wilson called on
be changed a,aui,lue ' omcare ai me tiysce pai
I ace in return for the New Year's visit
J President Poincare paid Mrs. Wilson
It Is entirely possible that the
county attorney of Cochise may fol
low the example of Maricopa's prose
cutor, and that officers of this county
in the morning.
"A large amount of boots and shoes ! w"l proceed with their plans as
proved T cdi.ior.u'VricUon; btf ! " of the freedom of the press guar.
been removed. 1 (Continued on Pace Tour)
and war clothing has been taken over
from the quartermaster's supplies and
these are being distributed to the
people. The French government is
endeavoring to obtain some cattle
from Switzerland, and horses from
the various armies, which, together
with the meager supply of agricultural
implements may enable the popula
tion to get in some portion of next
year"? crops in such of those areas as
are not too badly destroyed by battle.
Destroy Industrial Facilities.
"The entire industrial facilities of
the reelon have been destroyed by the
Germans There is a s;ngle factory
that can be operated without a very
(Ostlsued en rje Five)
previously made this morning. How
ever, in this connection it Is tho
opinion of legal authorities that if
"the atttorney general rules officers
cannot assume their duties until Jan
uary 6, the attorney general's word
should be followed." The fact that
the attorney general's opiuion is in
formal, however, leaves an easy loop
hole for the county attorney, as In
Maricopa county.
Charles M. Roberts, supervisor,
said:
i ne new board will meet to or
ganize tomorrow mcrning, according
CREEL WITH PRESIDENT.
PARIS. Jan. 1. George Creel, chair
man of the committee on public in
formation, is accompanying President
Wilson to Italy.
AMERICAN WOMEN ENTERTAIN.
PARIS. Jan. 1. Mrs. Robert Lan
sing, wife of the American secretary
of state; Mrs. House, wife of Col. Ed
ward M. House, and Mrs. Grew, wife
of Joseph C. Grew of the American
peace delegation, today on the occa
sion of New Year's received in
formally, their guests being various
attaches of tho peace conference.
I American war workers, members of
i the Red Cross and newspaper cor-
m mtr n.m nia. a a -h respoiiueius. iresiueni nson. fer-
shall follow. I can only say that we retary of State Lansing. Colonel
House and Gen. Tanker II. Bliss were
(Continued en Pis Tlnee) (among the guents
to railroads to help them pay for the
extensive program of improvements
and purchase of new cars and loco
motives. These loans will be repaid
eventually.
The government's loss cannot be
stated exactly until the compensation
of each road is finally determined, and
until the interstate commerce com
mission compiles figures on earnings
and expenses for November and De
cember. Officials believe, however,
that the aggregate government com
pensation for all roads, will be about
$950,000,000 and that the net income
from railroad operations credited to
the government will be a little more
than $S0O,OuO.0n0. Fur the ten months
up to November 1, the government's
net income from the railroads, as re
ported ty the interstate commerce
commission, was SS05.000.oOO.
Operating Revenue Large
Operating revenues for the entire
year, officials calculate, probably
amounted to $4,S00.00. more than
ever before in railroad history, and
operating expenses probably ran up
to S3.S0O.OOO.O0O. This left a billion
dollars of net revenue, which was cut
down more than $-'00,000,000 by de
ductions for ordinary taxes, rentals for
equipment not owned by railroad com
panies and other incidental losses.
War taxes and expenses of main
taining financial and other corporate
offices. Including salaries of officers
not actually employed physically op
erating the railways, must be paid by
the railroad companies out of the
$950,000,000 which the government
guarantees them.
For the railroads 1918 was a year
which broke all records of revenues
and expenditures. Although receipts'
were nearly 20 per cent greater, ex
penses were even more. It took SO
per cent of the operating revenues
to pay operating expenses, although
only 70 per cent-was taken for this
purpose in 1917. Operating expenses
which, with estimated figures for the
past two months, amounted to $'..
SOO.000.000. were a billion dollars
more than in 1917. Increased wages
are estimated variously to have been
responsible for between $600,000,000
and SSOQ.000,000 of this billion.
In the ten months, ending Novem
ber 1. for which the interstate com
merce commission has compiled defi
nite report, receipts from freight and
passeniter and other revenue sources
were $4,032,000,000. or a little less
than the $4,041,000,000. the revenues
for the entire year of 1917. In the
ten months S2.81S.0(0.OO0 came from
freight and $S."6,000,000 from passen
ger traffic
Ooerating Expense High
Operating expenses for the ten
months amounted to $3,247,000,000 or
aheut $400,000,000 more than the $!.
S52.000.000 expenses for the entire
year of 1917. So-called transportation
expenses, including the bulk ot the
cost of running the trains, amounted
to $1,666.00,000; maintenance of cr
and locomotives cost $S97.000.0OO, n4
(foatlaoed ea Fi Six) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1919.
TWO
i Silly
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
a ?
i
BELIEVES IN
REGULATIONS
put rivnRG
mil i nv i
l W I I II I Vf IIW
COMPETITION
Former Director of Division of
Capital Expenditures De
sires to Perpetuate Compet
itive Service and Facilities
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. 1. Opposition to
government ownership" of railroads,
on the ground that competition in
service and facilities, but not in rates,
should be preserved, was voiced in a
statement Issued by Robert S. Lovett,
when his resignation as director of
the division of capital expeditures of ;
the railroad administration became
effective today.
After asserting that "there is noth
ing' so essential to the financial peace
and the commercial and industrial
welfare of this country as a definite
governmental railroad policy," Mr.
Lovett declared that the necessity for
exclusive national control, as against
state regulation, -was too obvious for
discuesioa, and that "the only debat
able question is whether such control
shall tie throush government owner
ship or by exclusive federal regula
tion under private ownership."
Believes in Regulation
"I believe in thorough regulation
by the national government of all com
petition in service and facilities, wiih
power to check it where it amounts to
an evil," he sdid. I should permit
competition subject to government ap
proval where the public benefit would
plainly be promoted, particularly in
the absorption of financially weak
lines of minor importance where by so
doing the communities dependent
thereon could be better served. But I
would steadily preserve competition
between the targe systems aid pur
sue a policy of widening the competi
tive areas between such large systems
w herever practicable." . u . .-
In giving his reasons for opposing
government ownership, Mr. Lovett as
serted that "if we carefully analyze
the relative merits of efficiency from
private control and the advantages
trom competition in service facilities, , at Chicago, Hampton Roads and New
I believe we will find that the latter port, R. I.
will be very much better as a national
policy."
He added that he also objected to
government ownership because "it of
fers opportunity for political scandal
and exposes the government to se
rious financial burdens."
Railroad "Pork Barrel"
Expressing the fear that "the rail-
road s pork barrel wouiu in nine
make the other 'pork barrels' appear
Insignificant in comparison," Mr. Lov
ett said:
"Every politician would be almost
compelled io exact any political influ
ence possessed by him to provide
places for his supporters or improve
ments and facilities' or rate adjust
ments desired by them. Each congress
man would be pressed by all the ambi
tious towns in his district for ornate
passer.f;ci-3 stations or other improve
ments, as he is now pressed for post
offices, court houses aud other public
buildings; for additional and unneces
sary trains to please particular com
munities and for the construction of
new milrcaus.' etxensions and
branches."
Has Other Objections
Mr. Lov .'tt also declared that "th-re
are ether objections to government
ownership, such as the political power
of the employes to organize and con
trol the railroads, and the probable
deterioriation in the ability and effici
ency of executive and administrative
officers under the scale of government
salaries in competition with private
business."
"Consideration of any solution of
the rai'road problem involves the fun
damental question of whether there
shall or shall ffot be competition," said
Mr. Lovett.
'All will agree. I believe, that coin
petition in railroad rules is unwise
and practically Impossible. Competi
tion in riles cannot exist' without re
bales, secret rates and other kindred
evils that nmke it intolerable. But
compel itiim in service and facilities
always existed until the beginning of
government control, mid has really
I etn responsible for the great advance
in the quality of railroad service in j
thih ceunM-y. arl icularly in recent;
vc.irs. I's elimination would ni' an
comp.irai n e si.i-i:ai urn. i'
Expense Theory Exploded i
' Mui li is said
. r .1... .. ..a... ..I r..
" "! - ,
.. r
road cimuiet itinn
;. :irlv i . v t v i h 1 ii u
thus c harac'i I ized is 'for the heiiefit
..r !.,. ....I.t;.. T'uHi.r thiu kViilt.nl fllfTf
IJI.III. i;niiv.. v...".' . ,
is Hime actual waste, mil ine .umi.j.u i
1 ,,.,..i.. I.i.i K fii.x.Miil I
r ..v, ........ . I. v imififitldii is not
relatively a preat item. Mort over. 1
have no douhl that the riiil eeo;io;i!
ies I'll furred by keen Kiijiervisiiui of
details under juivate nia:irnii'lit as
aKaiust the lax hatiits iuh-rent in iu!i-li-
iiKiii ipe'iient ami the greater flee
don a:i'l rxtravii:;a!lrr la uiei hocl.- of
.iiei!tl;i;c tovoi nnieiit i:ioin y 'Aould
much more than offset every year any i
possible saving from the elimination
of expenses inherent to competition.
"What seems to me a serious objec-,
...
tion to government ownership is the
very lar;e financial undertaking that
would be involved immediately as on
December 31. 1916, the total outstand
ing capitalization of all the railroads
in the fnited States amounted to J20,-' j
67a.a5U.5m. Of course it would not be j - j Bv Review laxM Wire)
necessary for the government to pro- . u- Review leased Wlrei LONDON'-, Jan. 1. The Times today i n?y Heview Wire)
vide the entire amount of this huge in-1 NORFOLK. Va., Jan. 1. Norfolk quotes an article appearing in Die! WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. Thomas G.
vestment at once, if the government i county autnorities tonight confirmed Zukunft of Berlin, on December 14. in Masaryk. president of the new repub
should be willing to acquire the prop- j reports that they have in custody a j which Maximilian Harden. Its editor, , nr cf Czecho Slovia. has left Prague
erty under existing mortgages, but j man arrested on the theory that he , appeals to Germany to make a demon- i for Rome, and according to Informa-
! this would undoubtedly add enormous-
ly to the value of the bonds outstand-
ing. since buving subject to the mort- i
eaaes the bonds would in effect be
guaranteed by the government.
DANIELS PLANS TO
I
iBv Review Leased Wire) I
STAR
WAR
GAMES
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1. To keep) . brutal rule in Belgium, during which
the navy "fit and on its toes" two! . every law of humanity was broken;
great fleets, one based on the Pacific I J? ri f I m ft f Tvft Y7 f1 the devastation of northern France,
coast and the other on the Atlantic I - 1 uuw "'"jair raids against all law, the custom
coast, will be established by next! T n It nrln In of Binki,,S passenger and hospital
summer with war games and joint 'tcStfTlco dtlltUUlC. ships, secret agreement with the Irish
maneuvers as a part of a regular pro-j
gram of training.
Secretary Daniels, in explaining his
plans to the house naval committee
today, said tiiat after every war there
is a tendency for the navy to retro-j
grade and that the fleet division has
been determined upon to prevent any j
slump. The plan, he said, had re-
reived the -enthusiastic endorsement"!
of Admiral William S. Benson, chief
of operations, who is now in Europe j
with the peace delegation.
"An admiral who can stay long j
enough to stir up ambition" will be
placed in command of each fleet, Mr.
Daniels said, "and all officers will be j
kept on their ships lor two years."' j
In effect, the secretary added, there I
will be a war between the Atlantic
and Pacific fleets, "which will so
stimulate the keenness that it will
make the men feel thev are in actual
war."
Mr. Daniels did not indicate to the
committee how many ships will be
in each fleet. It is assumed, however,
that there will be an equal distribu
tion of the capital ships, most of
which heretofore have been kept on
the Atlantic ccast. During joint
maneuvers, the combined fleet will
visit each coast so as to give the
people on the Atlantic and Pacific
seaboards an opportunity to see the
full naval force.
Mr. Daniels also told the commit
tee that during peace times the sub
marine bases at San Diego, Cal.;- Key
West. Fla., and New London, C-onn.,
and the air defense stations at San
Diego and Peusacola. Fla., will be re
tained. The principal training sta
tions for seamen in the east will be
Secretaiy Daniels and Admiral Ben
son plan to visit the Pacific coast next
summer to study conditions there
i with a view to recommending exten
sion of navy yards.
Saloon Men Close
New York Resorts
To Protect Yanks
(V. Iview I-svJ Wiif)
NEW YORK, Jau. 1. The night aft
er New Year's eve New York was
bone dry and it wasn't because the
entire visible supply of intoxicants
had been consumed last night, either.
The saloon keepers closed their doors
voluntarily. ,
After the clocks struck 6, long lines
of nicn might have been seen wander
ing down Broadway vainly trying the
doors of cafes. Then they migrated
to Park Row where almost everything
is open all night. Ail the doors were
locked. From there they went to the
Bowery, evidently figuring that any
thing was belter than nothing. But
their quest was in vain. . The swing
ing doors simply did not swing. Hotel
and restaurant bars were dark, too.
Thirsty wayfarers were completely
discouraged but they could not believe
it even after they knew it was so.
The unprecedented action of the re
tail liquor dealers' association was
taken because the members believed
it was the ,iry way they could bo cer
tain of keeping liquor from men in
uuiiorm Who flocked to the city by the
tons of thousands.
It was estiaiated that more than
ImD.iiimi soldiers and sailors spent
New Year's day in New York. The en
tiro ciiy secured to center its holiday
effoits upon providing entertainment
tor them and with entire success.
Thanks to the action of the saloon
keepers there was no drunkenness or
I disorder.
COLORADO LEGISLATURE
liK.WKK. ( c.io.. Jan. 1. The Colo-;"1
urio lilhUiurc convened in biennial
- - .... -
! s,-:..-i'.n today ami; wltiT : rie inm
... i ...i .
" 1 ""V,J , . .. ,7
I i u.iniaiiifii until u'u.ir.i
ir I I iK.inidiiiHi f if u' u.t,.' v
i( .' ii r .i 1 '1 initil tomorrow.
in the senate. William II.
(ieniiK rat. of Alamosa, w as
elected
in the
tiirs
. ,.-. lf
I rMIH'JI IM o Ll-llliron-, mm
rouse .vm n r. ". ......... .....
I . mar. was chosen speaker.
M.iiv i no iii asurr. a resolulloli. was
eiroi.ueed duriiiK '"'it Hay B scs-
.i. i if M'.e house. It was proposed
i. llepreseniaiivr Oow K. Colgate
i-.iiioiH ami is for the iatili;'atioii
t ,e piolniittioti ameniliiieiii io me
leral 1 1 n.-i ii i; ie;i. I; ua.. rM -noil
committee
POLICE mmJJiM-M SEEKS
SOUGHT0' GooA Faithm SEE PRESIDENT
may be Jean t rones, wno is wantea i
m cnicago ior auempuug io puiaou ,
200 guests at a banquet at the Uni-
versity on February 10, 191t.
The prisoner, who gave . the name!
of George W'yler, has been working ;
Ion government projects -in this vt -
cfnity. The police say they arrested
him at instance of W. Y. McCarty, a !
foreman at an army base here, who
presented a letter from the Chicago
' police asking that he present the mat
i ter to the police here for action. It
1 aDDears that McCarty wrote the Chi-;
cago authorities that he suspected
the man was Crones.
An officer from Chicago is said to
be eii route here.
(By Review Leased Wire)
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 1 With mod-
eratl"S temperatures reported from
Colorado and western Kansas, railroad
officials tonight said they expected to
tave normai train service restored by
although traffic still was
"
demoralized tonight on the Lnion
Pacific, Rock Island and Atchison,
fopeka & Santa Fe roads,
, expected from the
. . ',
east tonight on any of these lines and
the only trains to depart on them to-
day were a stub" sent out by the
Union Pacific to relieve a passenger
train stalled at Sharon Springs, Kas.,
and the regular night train from Kan
sas City and Chicago on the Santa
Fe. Railroad officials said they ex
pected to have the Santa Fe track
cleared by the time this train reaches j
the snowbound area east of La Junta.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
SPANISH INFLUENZA -- JUST GRIP
CAMOURAGED UNDER A NEW NAME
Most Authorities Now Agree
Old Fashioned Grip, the
World Times Without Number. Since 1831 the United ;
States Has Had Five Epidemics.
Ti I r.:J: : I CQQ QfV
The Last Lpidemic m ltt-yu
Came From Russia by Way I
r .,. J Wa nvn a
of France and Was Given a,
French Name, La Grippe,
TKU ' Timo It Comes Bv
inis lime it omes y
Way of Spam
ORIGIN OF THE DISEASE
Knnih iniliipnza which SDueared
in Spain in May. has swept over the
world in numerous epidemics as rar
hnv a hiKiorv runs. HiDuocTates re-!
fers to an epidemic in 412 U. C, which skin, attracting the blood to the sur
is regarded by many to have been in-'face, aud thus, aids in relieving the
fluenza. Every century has had its at- congestion withjn.
tacks. Beginning with 1S1, this coun-
try has had five epidemics, the last in
18S9-90.
THE SYMPTOMS
Grip, .or influenza, as It is now call
ed, usually begins with a chill, fol
lowed by aching, . feverishness and
sometimes nausea ond dizziness, and a
general feeling of weakness aud de
pression. The temperature is from
100 to 104, and the fever usually lasts
from three, to five days. The germs at
tack the. mucous membrane, or lining
of the atr passages nose, throat and
hi-rim-hint tubes there is usually a
hard rough, especially Dad at nignt,
I often times a sore throat or tonsilitis, ; i,,K crowds common drinking cups,
land frequently all the appearances otjroller towels, etc. Keep up your bod -
a severe head cold.
THE TREATMENT
, .,.,
.'V 'T'' -
r your own sukc. nut to avoiu - y-' lh'u'nlll; of the air pas. ; Lydia E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Com
ng the disuse to "th.rs-take ,W i. Ute e y, nound .which we are. continually put
ative, eat plenty ot """"shing ; re vs, nttMt to iu virtue.
,ma,n perfectly ;u c and do tvk.k8 Y (ho very first siK-j gw WMT
spreading
a pargat
food, re
worry. Quinine. Aspirin or nover
I'owder, etc.. may bo administered by
the physician's directions to relieve
the aching. 'Hut there ls no cure oi
specific for influenza the li.H-aHf!
must run its course. Nature herself
will throw ofr the attack if only you
keep up your strength. The chief
danger lies in the complication.-; whic h
may arise, iniiuenza so wenuens me
i..niv -.cim-n ih;.r H .lanuor
I 1.. ., -, l,r riMu Hi.L'n nli.
'"'-'' ' '
t ;"
t!n rti krlr! ., ir. or nf ;irt .Ult'r. ion.
! Kfir thrw nvisons. it is very impoi taut
, - :...,.),.,.,. i .,t
Kur these nvisoiis, it i very linpot t.int
...... ...
...... ...
thai I IP lllll lllt retllillll 111 Dill ill 111
" ,
! his slrt'iU'Mi retuniB- stay in neu ni
i l''ast 'wo days or more niter t.ic lever
! ha." left you. or it you are uver ;'i or
1 ban left you. or if you are uver ;') or
i not HtroiiK. stav in lied fi.iir days
r
,nc!
.more, aiionlins to the severity of tt
, i attack.
ytfpnii APPLICATIONS
a order In stiinulale the lining of
i the air passages to th::nv off tile
?rip ;,ei.!is. t- aid in lr :!
uli'eirm a;vl '.:.(ninc t.if ir pa -ces
. .li.ll I 111 W lll.l k i 111 the in Iiii.i: i as.
jier. Viik's VapoKah v.-ill h; found el -
stration cf good faith and readiness
fo Recure commence, oy giving guar
antees.
The article asserts that the German
people fail to face the facts about
their own plight and allied opinions.
!f - jrst, it sayg. the German people ac-
cepted the "official lie invented in
order to conceal the responsibility
: 0f fie emperor for eventual defeat.
that Germany had been wantonly at-
; tacked: and, second, when defeat
! came, the German people let off their
rulers too lightly. It declares the
German people do not really under-
I stand the account which is being made
j up against them, which Herr Harden
described as . fifty one montns oi
i and the Flemish, the smuggling or ex-
plosives, bacilli and incendiary uistru- 0f the preponderance of Slavic popu
ments into neutral countries, and ev- iation and that without this outlet on
erywhere bribery, fraud and theft." I the coast their new republic would be
Herr Hardin asserts that the Ger- Btifloa in infancy.
man people uo not realise ,
tion they have to face and expressing'
the belief that the allied view is inai
tlio Carman re volution is a fraud,
urges Germany to approach the allied
powers with assurances that uermany
reallv nlaces all her hopes in the
abondonment of militaristic ambitions
and the creation of a new world.
FEDERAL JURY DISAGREES
NEW YORK. Jan. 1. After oeiitt-. cnuu laoor snouia oe consiuerea anew
eratMig 24 hours, a federal jury was' with reference to education as -the
unable to agree today as to the guilt most effective and profitable means
or innocence of Nova Adolphus Brown 1 of control." Miss Julia Lathrop de
and eight other defendants, charged j dared tonight in her annual report as
with conspiring to defraud investors chief of the children's bureau. In co
through promoting stock of the D. & j operation with state officials, the, bu
C. company, distributors of 'cereals. I reau is preparing a uniform plan of
The defendant's were released on j work, certificates issued to children in
their present bonds. They were ac- states having certificate requirements,
cused of claiming the company de-j which it is believed, will furnish much
clared an annual dividend of 8 per 1 valuable information regarding child
cent, and sold 25,000.000 packages of labor.
cereals yearly.
That This Disease Is Sirnply the
ame that Mas Swept uver me
fective. Hot, wet towels should be
pplied over the throat, thest and
back, between the shoulder blades to
i open the pores. Then vapoKUD snouiu
ru)jbed over the parts untU the j
jskin is red, spread on thickly and.
covered with two thicknesses of hot I
nannel c!otn8v jve the clothm j
loose around tjie neck as the heat of
the Douy liberates tne ingreaienis in i
! the form of vapors. These vapors,
i inhaled with each breath, carry the
medication directly to the parts affect-,
, ed. At the same time. VapoRub is ab-
sorbed through, and stimulates the)
(40 OCCASION FOR PANIC
I Thcrc no Ieuson for ,,anicin.
fluenza itself has a very low percent
age of fatalities not over one death
out of every four hundred cases, ac
cording to the X. C. Board of Health.
The chief danger lies in complications
arising, attacking principally patients
fn a run down condition those who
don't go to bed soon enough, or those
who get up toojear'y. .,,
HOW TO AVOID THE DISEASE
Kvldenre seems to prove that this is
a rerni disease spread nrlucinallv bv
human contact, 'chiefly through cougli-
Mn. sneezing or spitting, bo avoid
' strengtn ty plenty oi exercise in
!th0 Pca a,r and Kood Iood-
KEEP FREE FROM COLDS.
Above all. keep free from colds, as!
. ro,( ."nr a head cold, melt a lit-1
Jtlo VapcKur) i a spoon and inhale the
i vuporSi or better still, use VapoRub In j
a ,enzoi:i stoam kettle. If this is not'
;-vailabtc. iikc an ordinary tea-kettle.;
.'nil half full of trilling water, put in'
'half a teaspoon of VapoRub from time
i to thne -ko"p the kettle just slowly,
'boiling and luliU (be cteam arising.
..w.-. . .,,...... ...
cry of a North Carolina druggist. no
i: salvn form.
m,.,,,!,,,! ,tl:rf ('jmphor v. 1th su.U ;a-
it He oil, j;. Kmc l hk. Tliyin. '
, . ... i t... ..!.. i.
u'''- ' ' n ' " 1
., i..i ... i ,.nt Invre-
. -
. .. .. I I.. il.., nf
llli'T.I III1' M.ilI.Ti-'i ..I iiiv
v.ipn
i'i can h h i 1 i:i Hiiro i"4
a( ;,
a( a) ,; -i -iis Vhil ix:iiri':'iely
new in ' -::iir. 1'.ii-:h -r t i Ninth, it is M
the s;::-.:! i;i! I'.i lil i nicly i.i ille.K
iKmil'i i':id V. i f'r sill fomu ?i cold
ivin' l -s -v: r s' ; ini'l'.o:! j::r "ere
sold last V.iii-U'lh i I' -.:'i i! i"
!y rr oiu ! inled tor .liiinieir i croup
'or cold.-, a a it i- i-lein: '! :i,i!.vl
iiiil can. merrier.'. !
llse-l .(H'ly H. U
lhU : t !::.! lil'. 'll
oil -11 without the sli-
,iffect.
tion received today from official
sources, his purpose is to confer there
with President Wilson and Italian
statesmen regarding the dispute be
tween Italy and the new republic of
Jugo-Slavia. over former Austrian ter
ritory on the Adriatic, coast, now oc
curred by Italian forces.
Some diplomats here regard this
dispute as one of the most important
growing out of the dismemberment
of the old Austro-Hungarian empire,
and they expressed hope today that an
agreement satisfactory to all would
reauit from the conference.
itaiy aways lias regarded posses-
0f tne east coast of the Adriatic
DV A'lKtro-Huneary as a menace and
' it aV8 ciam to the territory by virtue
cf tne provisions of the treaty of Lon-
aon rrille jU8t before it entered the
war
0n tneir giue the Jug0-Slavs con-
jeuJ (hat thia territory rightfully is
a p0rt 0f their new republic, because
EDUCATION URGED TO
SAVE NATION'S YOUTH
(Ity Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1 "The time
has come when the whole subject of
! More than 6,500.00n children have
! been weighed ana grattea in tne nu-
reau's children year campaign to save
j at least 100.000 babies, who die from
preventable diseases,
i Juvenile delinquency was increased
in many cities by war conditions. Es
' pecially notable was the growth in
' the number of cases of carrying con-
j cealed weapons. An increase in im-
-raing "-
! for soldiers and sailors.
TUC MRV M I
I ill. ninuiiiu vi
A FAMOUS
MEDICINE
How Lydia E. Pinkham'
Vegetable Compound
Is Prepared For
Woman's Use.
A visit to the laboratory where this
successful remedy is made impresses
even the casual iooker-on with the reli
ability, accuracy, skill and cleanliness
which attends the making of this great
medicine for woman's ills.
Over 350,000 pounds of various herbs
are used anually and all have to be
gathered at the season of the year when
their natural juices and medicinal sub
stances are at their best.
The most successful solvents are used
to extract the medicinal properties from
th"se herbs.
Every uten?ii and tank that comes in
contact with the medicine is sterilized
and as a final p.-ecaution in cleanliness
the medicine is pasteurized and sealed
in sterile bottle-:.
It is the vcr.ierful combination of
; .. - u-u. i, with th
andcttre Ugel in its preparation
! wnich ha8 male this fraous medicine
8UCePSSfui jn the treatment or
female ills.
The letters from women who have
been restored to health by the use of
HEVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Practical
, :
NEXT LECTURE:
"TRACK and ROAD MAINTENANCE"
By LOU H. MOON
j
)
f
Thursday,
g
Z
r ;sa eon
IS STILL ON !
They are moving fast and if you
are needing any look them
over before it is too late.
BARGAIN PRICES!
PURE
Phone 29
S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
9 u.
U.S.
When you walk into a dcpenjjblc
t t . i. -. r
snoc srorc ana osk ror a pair or j-
Bl-ckic:cht Army Shoes, you y'' . t
can dc sure
That t!-ij Anr.y Slioe up
to rndirv" tnit it a
nue bv workmen who
have narcd out more dwn
6oo,cco Anrv Shoe u ruler
pcrt s'.iptt-.'iiion and thit
it is bc.ct.cd I V a rccva cf more xhta fifty
years of honest shec manufaAurir.g.
I.o.L o-r rcj.Lactrtl tnJe name
Bwr.iT.wIT stasrped cn the sole of every
" f..r cur mutual protetftion.
If not obtainable from your dealer.
send name and your order direct
BUCKINGHAM & HEC
Manufacturer. San Francisco
65ii-J-'
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heater and
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 268, care H. E. Wootton. Res. Phone. Black 702.
(
1
isoee
Feed
Phons 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COAL,
WOOD
Bisbee Fuel
Feed C
t Phone 121
O.'f'ce Ctlow Copper Queen Hotel
M
mm
Y. M. C. A., 1
Dshes
ANGIUS
FOOD GROCER
HECHT
PAT. OF "
There's just one tiling
to remember ask for
the BucxkechT Army
Slioe by name and be
sure that you get it
Then -you will appre
ciate vhy it is worn by
thousrnds of
Office Ve
Attorney -rhysicuuu
Farmers
Orchard U 14
Motormea
Hikers
Coacluctora
Huntert V
and other in every walk of Li.
$7.00 to $8.00
Fuel and
mi
c m .w -r" - "W
f
Company
and
ompany
J
and 7 P. M.
i
g Course THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1919.
THREE
CACTUS LEAGUE OF
FOUR NINES PLAN
OF DISTRICT FANS
Cananea, Douglas and Warren
District to Contribute to Re
. viving of National Sport
During 1919 Season
Baseball of the real, old, fast, stir
ring Cactus league variety is in store
for the fans of the Warren district and
southern Arizona this season if plans
of the various promoters of the sport
carry through and the new circuit
now contemplated is formed. This be
came known yesterday, when it was
announced that Cananea will probab
ly have a team, and that a three-came !
series schedule for four teams will be
announced before the opening of the
season.
Cananea. Douglas and the Warren
district will contribute the four mines
to the league, two of them coming
from this district. Details of the or
ganization of the teams have not yet
been worked out, tut announcement
of the managers, captains and other
officers may be anticipated soon,
when a public meeting will probably
be railed to discuss the league forma
tion, it Is announced. Date of the
. league opening, arrangements of the
schedule, and similar data will be sup
plied the fans of the district at the
same time.
The Warren district will enter
teams from the mine organizations
of the Phelps Dodge corporation and
from the Calumet & Arizona forces.
Each of these teams it is understood
will have strong backing, and mem
bers of the last year's organizations
are already engaged in searching out
promising material for their staffs.
Mine officials of the district look with
pelasure on the launching of the cir
cuit, and with this factor in favor of
the teams it is predicted that both
organizations will have especially
strong nines.
In Douglas the plan on foot now,
and Smelter City fans declare it is
working out beautifully, is to organize
one team from the two smelters,
which will represent the entire city.
In the past the Douglas team has had
more or less difficulty in keeping its
organization together, but under plans
which have been adopted this time
close organization and steady players
are practically assured.
. An enthusiastic baseball fan, former
resident of the Warren district and
official in the old Cactus league, is
heading the organization of the Cana-j
sea club, and is working constantly
to form for the Sonora camp a team
- bich will rank with those of this dis
trict and Douglas. Success of the :
Cananea team is assured if conditions !
remain normal, declare residents ot !
the camp.
Plans for schedule have been map
ped only tentatively, according to
those who are housting the league.
As now outlined, the schedule will cull
lor series of games each week in two
of the contesting ities, the series ex
j tending over Friday, Saturday and
Sunday. One city each week will be
I without games, but this is expetced
to be an advantage to the sport.
The affairs of the league will this
year be placed in the hands of active
fans who ure consistent boosters of
the sport, but who have business and
executive ability. In this way, it is
believed, the league can be made a
financial success from the initial
games with hearty support from the
baseball lovers of every city in the
circuit
Several players in the teams which
composed the Warren district league
last year have returned to the district
to become members of the new teams,
and it Is understood that scouts for
the district are busily engaged in
searching out new material. With
plans this far advanced at so early a
date, those backing the movement are
more than enthusiastic for its . suc
cess. '
I
nva
L
PIIIRQ WiHeadline Battle
uLUDO HILL j ATni yv t;
ill ill. t Jl bUI JL IK
Spiritless Spree
GREAT LAKES TEAM
WIPES OUT MARINE
(By Review leaser! Wire)
PASADENA, Calif., Jan. 1. The
Great Lakes Naval Training station
football team won today the right to
claim the service championship of the
United States by defeating a team
representing the Mare Island. Calif.,
marines with a score of 17 to 0. Both
had gone through long seasons unde
feated until today, having won elimi
nation contests in the east and west
respectively.
The game, a feature of the annual
Rose tournament here, was played at
Tournament park before an audience
of approximately 22.5000 persons.
Soldiers and sailors with a plentiful
sprinkling of marines, occupied stands
at the ends of the field as guests of
the tournament association, and their
yells and songs competed with the
blare of the two bands and the shouts
of the thousands in the other stands.
The weather was ideal, being cool,
with a light breeze.
DISCUSS PLANS TO
WORK OUT JOINTLY
(Bv Review Leaned Wire)
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 1 Benny
Leonard, lightweight champion, de-
i feated Paul Doyle, New York, in a
slow six round bout here today.
Jeff Smith, boslng instructor at
Camp Dix, knocked out Billy Kramer,
Milwaukee, in the third round.
Other bouts at the New Year's box
ing matinee resulted:
Jimmy McHale, Philadelphia, defeat
ed Paul Sampson, Brooklyn; Bartley
Madden, New York, beat Larry Wil
liams, Philadelphia; Ralph Brady,
Syracuse, N. Y., bested Denny Whalen,
DIXIE If BISBEE
TO WRESTLE DAGO
(Fy Review Leased Wire!
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. Fred Mitchell,
president and manager of the Chicago
National league club, today opened
negotiations with President Harry
Frazee of the Boston American league
club, for a joint training season in
California.
The local club will train at Pasa
dena nnl Presiilenf ATifphell believes
a series of games between the two j Philadelphia.
oIiiIim ilnrlnir training and nther aeries The bout I
tn hn nlfli.l at various nointa on the Missouri, and Jeff Clark. Atlantic City
The bout between Jack ThomDson.
homeward trip, will put both clubs in
top notch condition for the opening
games of the 1919 season.
Mitchell said the result of the ne
gotiations with Frazee probably will
be made known at the joint confer
ence of Uie major leagues in New
York on January 16.
MITCHELL SHOWS CLASS
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 1. "Pin
kie" Mitchell, a brother of the well
known lightweight boxer, this after
noon scored a knockout over Otto
Wallace, of Milwaukee, in the ninth
session of a ten round boxing bout
which featured a double windup. A
left jab followed by a right swing to
the jaw ended the contest which was
Mitchell's third defeat over Wallace
in two months. Ever Hammer of Chi
cago, won on a foul from Charlie Me
trie in the seventh round of a ten
round bout.
ended in the sixth round because
Clark would not make a fight.
TONEY ON TRIAL
NATIONAL LEAGUE CONFERENCE
fBv Review Leased Wlr)
NEW YORK, Jan. 1. John A. Heyd
ler. president of the National league,
left today for Chicago, where he will
hold a conference with large stock
holders of the Chicago national league
club tomorrow. Heydler then will at
tend the joint schedule icommittete i were dependent on him
w.At. nf Vntl'nnll Olllt ImpriPfltl
leagues at French Lick Springs, lnd..
on January 3. 4 and 5. On January
6, Heydler will represent the National
league at the annual meeting of the
(Fv Renew Leased Wire)
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Jan. 1. Trial
of Fred Toney, former pitcher of ths
Cincinnati National league baseball
club, on charges of having attempted
to evade army service, began In fed
eral district court here today with
testimony by members of the local
and district draft boards. Toney is
alleged to have sought deferred clas
sification on the ground that his wife
and several relatives in Tennessee
FIGHT LONG DRAW
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 1. Bryan
National "commission in Cincinnati j Downey, Columbus, welterweight, and
He said thaf in view of the attitude j Ted Lewis. New York, went 15 rounds
of the National league in favor of a 1 even in a rather uninteresting bout
"cne man" national commission, there i here thi3 afternoon. Both left the ring
will be no re-election of a chairman of
the national commission at the Cin
cinnati meeting.
as good as they entered it.
COUNTY OFFICERS
FACE BIG PUZZLE
IN TAKING PLACES
(Continued from Page One)
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
shall be guided entirely by the coun
ty attorney."
Robert N. French, county attorney
elect, when notified of the opinion of
the attorney general, said:
"This is news to me. ,1 never have
had occasion to look up this particu
lar phase of the question, but will do
so at onie. Then I will be in better
position to express an opinion. I might
say, though, that I advised the incom
ing board, more or less on general
principles, not to attempt to trans
act any business of real importance
until the first regular meeting; that
will be held next Monday, January 6.
I do not believe the attorney general's
ruling will have any great effect in
this county. For my own part, my
nreiiecpssor turned his office over to
cie several days ago, and I have been ! played with enthusiasm.
8ct!u, to all intents and purposes.
si.ice that time. 1 shall instruct
Sheriff -elect icDonald. in accordance
with the attorney generals opinion.'
BACCARAT SHOWN IN
METRO FEATURE PLAY
Baccarat, the great French gam
bling game, is shown for the first time
in :tn American motion picture in
"Soc ial pocrites," a Metro All-Star
Series picture starring delightful May
Allison, which will be shown at the
Lyric theater today. This picture is
a screen version of Alicia Ramsey's
stage play, "Bridge."
In "Social Hypocrites," the game
takes place in an intimate gambling
club in Paris, where devotees offer
nightly homage to the god of chance.
It is here that Col. Francis Fielding,
the father of Lenore (played by May
Allison) loses heavily at the baccarat
table. During the course of the spirit
ed play about a hundred Parisian men
types placed bets in this game. Ralph
Virtelli, an old European master at
baccarat coached the players in the
game Director Albert Capellani suc-j
reckless spirit of the game and they
Ernest Dixie, who claims the title
t of "Itcht UuatvaiiEr)il rtmmnlnn
wrestler of Europe." arrived in Bis
bee last night from Jerome, where
he has been for several months. Call
ing at the Review office, he an
nounced himself to be in excellent
physical condition, and ready to meet
Dago Joe next Monday night at the 1
Grand theater.
Dixie said he was anxious to perfect
hia title to the world's championship,
in his own division. i
"1 understand Dago Joe is champion
cf the Pacific coast, in the light heavy ;
division," said Dixie. "If that is the
case, we should be able to put on an
exciting match, for I have not been .'
wasting my time since I left here
last August. I met Pat Connolly, with
whom I wrestled twice here in Bisbee.
in Cottonwood on Labor day. We
wrestled to a draw, in one hour and
forty-six minutes." j
In the first match between Connolly
and Dixie In l.'isbee, the result was a '
"long route," ' no-decision event. In
the second, Dixie claims to have been .
over-confident. At any rate hia op
ponent floored him and won the match
in quick order.
fWQRKSl
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making more money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, whether you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4rt ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
riuj.vtri'.?t
FOOTBALL OFFICIAL DEAD
(By Review Leaned Wire)
DALLAS, Texas, Jan. 1. Ben H.
Dyer, well known as a football of
ficial, died at 'his home here tonight
of pneumonia. He had. only recently
received his discharge as lieutenant of
infantry In the army.
1 1 ,S
-ess . I
POST
TOAST I ES
instead of toast
for breakfast . .
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock-
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Mrs. Jones Is hen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
Phone Green 721-4 for appointment.
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Pass Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
VERMONT GOVERNOR HELD.
TPTvvjFjf
o0
ay
:AT:
IOWA'S
i
J
as there seems to be a chance for
c -.iFuleiable confusion, resulting from
two sets of deputy sheriffs acting. 1
slial!, of course, look up the section
ard article referred to by Mr. Jones
before taking any steps whatever."
An effort to find Mr. McDonlad. who
was reported variously to be still In
Bisbee, and to have left for Tomb
stone, proved abortive last night. Nor
could his .attitude in the question
raised by Mr. Jones be learned from
any ot his local friends. Upon his
arrival here Tuesday night from the
county seat, he said he had filed his
bond and oath and qualified to take
office. It also is known that his dep
uties throughout the county are pre
pared to assume office as soon as
their commissions are received.
Guy C. Welch, who has been sheriff
and is county treasurer elect, said:
"This decision puts me in a hard
position. Mr. Ross already has left
Tombstone for Phoenix to take his I
position as state treasurer. He has i
turned over his funds and records to
me as his successor. 1 am In the
position, if this ruling Is correct, of :
having to bear the burden of responsi-!
bility as custodian of the funds, but j
will have no power to disburse funds, i
or act otherwise as county treasurer.
At the same time, I would be saddled
with the responsibilities of the sher
iffs olfice. My attitude is that I
would like to drop one position and
hold the other. If I have to hold both
this week, I can forsee a strenuous
time ahead of me."
Vance M. Johnson, chairman of the
retiring board of supervisors, said that
he knew nothing of Mr. Jones' decis
ion, but that his attitude and that ot
the other members of the board was
to follow the statutes closely.
"The statute says that on the last
day of the year our tenure ends and
our successors must qualify by filing
bonds and taking the oath of office,"
he said. "The old board wants to fol
low the law, as its members under
stand it. We have done this by sur
rendering our offices to our succes
sors. I have no disposition to hold
the office any longer."
(By Review Leased Wire)
MONTPEL1ER, Vt., Jan. 1. The
charge that Governor Graham, during
the 14 years he was state auditor,
failed to account for $24,755 which
he had drawn by orders on the state
treasurer, is contained in a report of
a firm of accountants made public by
the state board of control tonight.
Governor Graham is awaiting trial
on indictments charging grand larceny
and embezzlement.
PRINCE TO VISIT U. S.
(By Review leased Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 1. It is understood
that King George and Queen Mary as
sured President Wilson that the
Prince of Wales will visit the United
States during his coming trip through
the British dominions, according to a
Paris dispatch to the Mail.
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing-
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber e Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
HENNESSY
f Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
"Government Railroad Control Sure
Saved the Coal Situation, Didn't it?"
remarked Mr. Opp T. Mist. "Not for me."
growled the other. "I need a furnace
man." "That's easy, old top. Put an Ad
in The Review Classified Columns!"
GREAT VICTORY
SALE
Coats, Furs, Dresses
and Waists
Coats, $35.00 to $48.00, now.. $24.95
Coats, $50.00 to $65.00, now. .$37.50
Seal Seta Scarfs and Muffs,
regular $65.00 and $75.00,
Special $29.9
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN
DRESSES AND WAIST8
Sale Commencing Today. Will
Last One Week
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
Tailor for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Well Fargo
KIDNEYS WEAKENING?
BETTER LOOK OUT!
Kidney and bladder trouble don't
disappear of themselves. They grow
upon yon, slowly but steadily, under
mining your health with-deadly" cer
tainty, until you fall a victim to in
curable disease.
Stop your troubles while there Is
time. Don't wait until little rains be
come bi? ache. Ioa't triiie with dis
ease. To avoid fnf.ire suffering begin
treatment with GOLD MEDAL Haar
lem Oil Capsules now. Take three or
four every day until yon feel that you
are entirely tree from pain.
This well-known preparation bas been
one of the natioual remedies of Hol
land for centuries. In IG'.Mi the govern
ment of the Netherlands granted a spe
cial charter authorizing its sale.
The good housewife of Holland would
almost as soon be without food as with
out her "Real Dutch Drops," as she
quaintly calls GOLD MEDAL Haarlem
Oil Capcules. Their use restore
strength and is responsible in a great
measure for the sturdy, robust health
of the Hollanders.
Do not delay. Go to your dmcsiat
and insist on his supplying you with
box of GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil
Capsules. Take them as directed, and
if you are not satisfied with results your
drufririst will gladly refund your money.
Look for the name GOLD MEDAL on
the box and accept no other, la sealed
hoses, three sizes.
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply oi
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
S!f li
t!
I 1
h !
An
I: mi
T
Bisbee Improvement Co.
L
1
J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1919.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Published Every Day Except Monday,
jy the State Consolidated .
Publishing Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED .PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively
entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it
or not otherwise credited to this
paper, and also, the local news pub
lished therein.
All rights of re-publication of spe
cial dispatches herein axe also re
served :
lie approval. One road official draws
a comparison that highways in the
past have been built upon the same
plan as bouses that rested on blocks.
He Fays that It is as necessary that
roads have good foundations as It is
to put important buildings on stone i
foundations.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
IN ADVANCE
Per month v$ .75
Three months 2.25
Six months 4 00
Twelve months 7.60
Sunday (our weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken Less Than 75c
BASEBALL TO FRONT
Out of the shattered, broken orga
nization of last summer, is rising al
ready in the United States a new
baseball. New spirit is entering into
the formation of the larger leagues
for the next season. New material
for the teams of every part of the
nation is being searched ouL Leaders
of the two major leagues are scout
ing the field for advantageous trades
good sales and purchases, and for
the old players who have left their
diamond positions for the army.
Prospects for opening the 1919 se
ries in the major and minor leagues
grow more optimistic each day. Com
missions and organizations every
where are planning the schedules and
laying the way to a season In which
the fans of the United States will
find new entertainment and enjoy
ment. Locally the rejuvination of the old
Cactus league bids fair to be realized.
with two teams from this district, one
from Douglas and a fourth from Can-
anea. Fans of the county are work
ing day and night on their plans. 'In
Cananea a definite start toward the
organization of a fast and high-class
nine is in the hands of a capable base
ball booster, and in Douglas and the
Warren district strong interests are
behind the sport with earnest en
deavor to provide the best baseball
ever seen in this state.
With the end 6f the war and with
renewed interest in the greatest game
of bistory, this part of Arizona now
stands in place to enjoy to the full
possibilities real baseball. Support
cf the public is all that remains now
to be gained to assure this sport, and
efforts to secure this support will soon
be started. Doubt -exists in no minds
that the league on this occasion
will be a genuine success.
THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE FREE
PEOPLES
Historically it is a significant event
that a president of the United States
should be given a welcome of extra
ordinary warmth in London. We may
regard the reception to President Wil
son as the recognition by the British
people of the part the American na
tion has played in the war. But it is
more than that. It is a recognition
of the essential fellowship between
the great English speaking peoples
which has long existed, but which has
come Into full recognition only under
stress of association in a common
cause.
It cannot be too often emphasized
that the war's greatest contribution to
a permanent peace is the association
of the western nations in the com
mon cause of civilization an associ
ation that has flowered in a better
understanding, in a reciprocal respect.
in a community of purpose, in a habit
of working together.
This association has been symbol
ized In the reception given to the
president abroad. It ought to be culti
vated and developed in the future. For
the peace of the world and its orderly
development must depend, in a large
measure not on treaties or constitu
tions, but on the friendly co-operation
of the powers that united to save
virilization from the onslaught made
on it by the central powers. Kansas
City Star.
HERO OF CHATEAU THIERRY
Warren District Youth Back From West Front
WEARS GOLD WOUND STRIPE
LIKELY TO REPRESENT ITALY AT VERSAILLES
Using a heavy cane to assist him in
walking, because of a wound in his
left leg, received while serving with
his regiment in defending Chateau
Thierry against the German horde ad
vancing toward Paris, J. D. Griifith,
formerly the driver of a service car
in this district but now a member of
the 103rd Engineer regiment, is be-
About two hours after 1 had been hit
I was found and taken to a first aid
station and within 24 hours I was in a
hospital. That,. of course, is all I saw
of the campaign.
Praises Hospital Service
"The hospital service in France was
mighty good. We were well attended
and the food was excellent. We had
ing greeted by his friends as one of good food at the front, also, though at
the war's heroes. Upon the sleeves of times ve were forced to live oh poor
his blouse be wears gold stripes, one food; that was because fighting was
indicative of six months' foreign serv- so heavy that rations could not be
ice; the other showing he had re- brought to us.
ceived a wound in action. I "I left France on the day the armis-
Mr. Griffith is spending a few days tice was signed, November 11. Every
here as the guest of his brother, a rcsi- body was overjoyed or at least I didn t
dent of Cochise. He will leave the
latter part of this week for San Fran
cisco to re-enter the hospital to re
main until he has been cured com
pletely. Then he expects to receive
his discharge. , j
Early Arrival in France
"I left Bisbee October 3, 1917. going
first to Camp Funston, Kas. Later I
was transferred to Camp Kearny,
Calif., and from there to Camp Han- I ever did.
see a soul who seemed to feel sorry
because it had been signed and peace
had come. Even the Hun prisoners
in the cages were delighted and didn't
hesitate to say so.
"I have -received kind treatment
since returning to the United States.
The doctors at the hospital tell me my
leg will get all right after a while and
I will be able to get about as well as
. . o . . ' -i t' . V
: : .! . i , ...
I .in""".. t". .. I
: e , .
cock, Ga., which was the last place
before going overseas. I was a mem
ber of the 103rd Engineers. We sailed
for France April IS, 1318," Mr. Grir
fith related.
"My regiment spent but a compara
tively short time in training and was
rushed into the fighting on the Marne
at Chateau Thierry, July 15, when the
Germans were menacing Paris. 1
Uses Red Cross Cane
"This is not the cane I brought over
from France with me. The one I now
am using was given me by the Red
Cross because it was more serviceable
than the one I brought across with
me."
Wherever "Grif," as he is known in
the district,-has gone since he return
ed here, he has attracted attention
fought that day and on the following and local people are vieing with one
day was wounded. A machine gun another to express in a silent. way
bullet struck my left leg, shattering their admiration for him as one ot tne
the bone. men who suffered for the cause ol
"It was not my misfortune to have freedom, in order that the peoples
to lie on the field for a long period, of the world might live in safety.
FREE WATER EXIT FOR BELGIUM
GOOD ROADS
order that tBe highways of the Lw hat it owes to tle Italian people, to
President ' Wilson has addressed a
communication to the secretary of ag
riculture, urging that the country re
sume as quickly as possible all essen
tial public works, and particularly the
development oX good highways, "with
a view of furnishing employment for
laborers who may be seeking new
tasks during the period of readjust
ment." Secretary of War Baker has
also taken up the question with the
agricultural department, and he has
asked that the closest possible co-operation
may continue with his de
partment in the bhilding of new roads,
in
future may be equally valuable for
military purposes and the affairs of
peace. The war department has learn
ed practical lessons in road building,
and its men who are discharged from
the army, and war Industries, will
carry with them a knowledge that
will be valuable in their employment
in road building. They know from
practical experience that the blast
ing of hard earth is a good deal
quicker and more effective process
than the former plan of resorting en
tirely to the pick, shovel and scraper.
Motor truck traffic has increased one
hundred per cent in the last two
years, and it is found that the heavi
est of our hard-surfaced roads are
built too light to withstand the strain
upon them by the new motor traffic.
The federal government aid road ac
provides means by which the govern
ment supplies millions of dollars to
the state authorities, which the later
matches with their own millions in
the building of new highways. There
is a well defined national movement
that will make itself known in the
romiug few weeks as favoring a new
system of trunk highways that will
extend from ocean to ocean and from
There is a movement in Holland to
internationalize the Scheldt river. This
movement . evidently represents a
loosening up of the traditional close
and selfish Dutch policy, as a result
of the allied victory over Germany.
It is meant to counteract a natural
effort on the part of Belgium to ob
tain control of the little section of
Dutch teritorry south of the Scheldt
river.
That bit of territory has long been
an embarrassment to Belgium, making
it necessary for shipping going to and
from Antwerp, the principal Belgium
seaport, to pass through channels and
straits under Dutch rule. The Bel
gians regard it as no more than right
that they themselves should control
their own side of the Scheldt, for the
SURPRISE IN STORE!"
FOR LUNCHEON CLUB
IN PROGRAM TODAY
IN LIBEL SUIT
Members of the Warren
(Continued troir. Page One)
autees of state and federal constUu-
j tions as contrasted with the contempt
i power of coiyts, its holding that
District every construction and presumption
? i
fe
If-
V
-1
SOUTH AMERICAN
NEWSPAPERS ARE
LINKED TO U. S.
Establishment of Associated
Press Leased Wire Service
With New Members Means
Closer Relations, Efficiency
i
Above, General Dias, at left, and Francesco Saverio-Nitti. Below. Premier
w Vittorio Orlando, at left, and Baron Sidney Sonnino.
According to word from Rome Italy's probable peace delegation will
consist of Premier Vittoriq Orlando, Baron Sidney Sonnino, foreign minis
ter; Francesco Saverio-Nitti, minister of the treasury; Leonida Biasolati
.Bergamaschi, leader of the Reform Socialists and minister of military aid
,'snd war pensions; Gen. Armando Diaz, commander-in-chief of the Italian
.armies, and Vice Admiral Paolo Thaon Di Revel, former chief of the naval
:taff.
Luncheon club will meet with an j
agreeable surprise at noon today when
must be made in favor cf the good
faith and innocent intent of one who
criticizes the court, and its holding
they hear a program which has been tnat a jud, cannot use contempt
arranged through the efforts of the j powers io redress private grievances.
program committee and which prom- j furnish some much neeied definition
.. . l rpt ft,.rp Announce- the strict limitations upon the ex-
ment of the program has been with
held by the committee.
The luncheon club, which was
launched and fully organized two
weeks ago, will meet this noon at the
Copper Queen hotel dining room at
12 o'clock sharp. This will be their
third gathering, and fully as many are
expected in attendance as ou former
occasions. In addition, several new
members whose applications have I
ercise of the contempt powers by
courts as well as some equally needeJ
definition of the right of citizens to
express their opinions concerning the
judiciary under their lree press and
free speech guarantees. There has
been altogether too much confusion
as to the limitations . of contempt
jurisdiction. The present decision
goes far in clearing this up. While
adhereing to the rule that criticism
calculated to obstruct the course of
functions in future matters.'
It!
cally and racially, they have as good
a claim to this region as Holland has.
It is natuarlly a part of Flanders
rather than Holland, and was taken
from Belgium as a war prize
Belgium, ot course, would not go to
war to recover the territory and the
allies would hardly ask for its return
except on friendly terms, providing for
liberal compensation. Nevertheless
the prospect is plainly troubling Hol
land. The. surrender of her technical
right to dominate the lower Scheldt
is the least she can do in the circum
stances. Arizona Gazette.
Kaam rartaivaA artA naaaPil nn flurin?
protection of their commerce. Histori- tne past week, will attend for the first Justice may be punished as for a con-
Enthusiasm which marked the inau- se? of constctive c"n!mpt.K are
,,,.ion of th club, continues hieh. l criminal proceedings, and that, there-
and those who to date have attended
its meetings are especially enthused
at the advantages which are to be
found in the hour spent about the
table. Yor this reason it is anticipat
ed that the membersship roll will be
largely increased within the next few
weeks.
OUR DEBT TO ITALY
This country does not hear or talk
enough of Italy; does not understand
Italian courage and genius.
To Italy, undoubtedly, is due the
fact that the allies were able to
hold out until America came to end
the war.
Future historians will give credit to
Italy for what she has done, for her
sacrifices, her heroism, in this as in
other great struggles.
It should not be necessary to wait
for history's decision. America as a
nation and Americans as individuals
should prove now that they appreci
ate what the world owes to the Italians.
A correspondent for the London Ex
press says that Berlin is beginning to
realize that it needs the allies to re
store order there. But, for all that,
there Is no need for the allies to get
excited about Berlin's needs. All the
trouble the German capital is having
now it had planned for the capitals of
the allies all of that, and more. And
does anybody Imagine that Berlin
would have worried about the troubles
of Paris, Loudon - or Washington?
CAPTAIN MELLGREN HAS
RETURNED FROM DUTY
TOMBSTONE, Ariz., Jan. 1 Capt.
V. G. Mellgren of Tombstone, w ho has
been in France ever since war was
declared, returned home yesterday on
a 17-day leave of absence, having just
returned from overseas. He will re
turn to New York to report for duty
fore, 'the information, the authority
of the court, the weiaht of the evi
dence (including all conflicts in pre
sumption and proof) and the irregu
larity of the proceejings are gov
erned by the rule of criminal law.
The information must be strictly con
strued as well as the article alleged
to be contemptuous,' and the court
further says 'the defendant is pre
sumed to be innocent until proved
guiity beyond a reasonable doubt, the
same as a defendant in a criminal
case. There are no presumptions
taken against him, but the presump
tions are all in his favor.'
"This is a wide departure from the
attitude of those courts which seem
to have presumed that their critics
were .guilty and to have thrown upon
them the burden of proving the inno
cence of their intent. Certainly in
contempt proceedinKS, where the
offended j'.idRe sits substantially as
further asserts that 'it is not tlie per-! l1 pYi'llYlt limnc ltl
sonal dignity or personal feelings of Cf CMf If UlUjJO III
the court that justify contempt Pro', Tf 4- '
ceedings.' While the court states that KjIllCClQO V CSt III
of a judge as an individual may. In
some cases, be so gross as to atnoun
to a contempt, it holds that this is so :
only when they tend to influence the
course of justice. ' 1
"Though the reasoning is clear that !
IGrip of Blizzard
is probably the first time that any
court has held that praise as well as
condemnation may constitute con
tempt. The court says 'undue praise
or fulsome flattery' may obstruct the
course of justice, but adds that as to
either criticism or praise, it is not the
jndge as an individual, but the party
litigant tnat is to be proected. 'It is
F'.v Review I.pnsel Wire)
CHICAGO. Jan. 1. The first cold
wave of the winter gripped portions
of the northwest, west, southwest and
reached the middle western states to
night. The mercury dropped 23 de- j
grees in Chicago today, and tonight
was hanging at 10 above zero while
extreme temperatures were registered
in widely separated regions. The
temperature in Chicago and Illinois
not the judse as an individual that I V. , s
again, hoping to receive hts discnarge . at.CU3er, judge and executioner, the
shortly. Captain Mellgren has seenlruIe aunounced in Judge Holloman's
is protected. Until the publications
complained of reached the point
where they naturally tend to, or do
interfere with solne pendins matter,
they are not contemptuous, no matter
how vicious or unwarranted they
may be.' j
"A most important holdiim of the!
court, especially at tn:s time when i
the rights of free speech and free I
The cold wave was unaccompanied
by snow except in northwest Texas,
where a blizzard iaued. and in 'Ne
braska and southern South Dakota
where blizzard conditions were report
ed from some points. In central Wy
oming temperatures ranged from 10 to
37 degrees below zero: 15 below at
Long Pine, Neb., and 12 bt-low at
press have been so much clouded by ! . VI1!1, Trai .a
voluntary and involuntary censorship
and by so much public concern as to
the effect of governmental censorship
and by so much public concern as to
the effect of governmental control cf
many of the means of communica-
hously affected in western Kansas
and Colorado as well as in west and
northwest Tevas. but temperatures
were moderating tonight in Colorado.
ICv Review Lrased Wlr)
NEW YOKK. Jan. 1 Beginning
with the new year, the Associated
Presj ccnimenced sending a daily
news report by cable to several of
the leading papers in Panama and
fouth America who recently have
been elected to membership in the
association. These newly elected
members are:
Buenos Aires. Argentine: La Na
cion and La Prensa.
Lima. Peru: El Comercio (niorn
iug). EI Comercio (evening). La Cro
nica. La Prensa i morning). La Pren
sa (evening). El Tlempo.
Santiago. Chile: El Mercuric La
Nacion, Ultimas Noticias.
Valparaiso: El Mercurio (morn
ins). El Mercurio (evening).
Panama: El Diario, The Star and
Herald.
Guayaquil. Ecuador: El Telegrafo.
Antofagasta. Chile: EI Mercurio.
This service is started with the co
operation of the "All American Cables'
the Central and South American
Telegraph company. It is planned to
bring about its extension by the elec
tion of more members representing
the leading papers In Brazil, Uruguay
and other South and Central Ameri
can republics.
In beginning this relation with the
tew members, the Associated Press
believes it is inaugurating an. ex
change of the news which will be of
great influence in strengthening and
bettering existing relations between
the two continents. Frank B. Noyes,
president of the Associated Press, has
sent a message of greeting to the
new members of South America and
Panama which emphasizes this idea as
follows:
Welcomes New Papers.
"I am rejoiced to welcome you to
our membership, for I am convinced
that with a freer flow of news be
tween the two continents, we shall
grow to know each other better and
a better acquaintance, a more thor-
j cugh and sympathetic common under-
i Handing of the characteristics, the
J merits and the weaknesses of the
countries of the western hemisphere
will be a thousand fold more effective
in maintaining enduring friendship
than the most extensive and subtile
propaganda work.
"I shall hope that as time goes or.
you will find yourselves well contenj
in your association witn us in what
Is perhaps the most important mutual
and co-operative effort yet known."
The addition of these new papers
in South America to the Associated
Press list of papers means the linking
together, for the mutual exchange of
news of virtually all the important
cities of- South America with the en
tire northern continent. The Asso
ciated Press thus serves -directly
through its 1136 members in the
United States, its association with
the Canadian Press, limited (which
includes all of the important papers
of Canada); its membership in Mex
ico and Cuba and now many of the
important papers of south America.
every settled part of the western
In the southwest. Flagstaff. Ariz.. 1 hemisphere. The new members will
reported 1) below zero and Amanl'.o,
strenuous service since he has been
in France, having at first been con
nected with the British forces, where
he saw service in the gas and flames
division, and was later transferred to
the American forces as gas officer.
Since then he has been through many
battles. .He was gassed in the drive
through the Argonne forest about
four months ago, and has many inci
dents to relate of what he has seen
while on the fighting line. He also
brought back many war trophies from
over there, over each if which is con
nected somo incident or happening.
Among them is a German helmet
which belonged to a German general.
It is decorated in gold and bears the
insignia of the Order of the Black
Eagle. He will remain here for sev
eral days with his parents before go
ing to visit his wife in California, and
returning to his company in New
York. . !
In order to make them conform to
their wrist watches, which conform
the Canadian border to the southern j to the time recognized as official In
iorder of the states. - Good road au- France, the American soldiers occu
tliorities are becoming insistent that, pying territory in the Rhine district
belter roiid (oust ruction shall be; of Germany, are setting the clocks
made mure systematic in the future! back. There is something strikingly
than it lias been in the M. In view; suggestive iu this, in that Germany, if
of lue laft that practically all of ourih- is going forward at all hereafter. school while Cuptuiu Hammond and
main traveled American highways must keep time and step with her
have broken down under heavy traf-j neighbors,
Gun School Opens
At Fort Huachuca
En route to Fort Huachuca, where
th.-y will reopen the machine gun
schcol alter spending a leav of
absence with the Seventeenth cav
alry at Douglas, Capt. F. II. Boucher,
("apt. it. L. Hammond and Lieut. KroU
J. Millies parsed through Bisbee yes
terday. TP y were , accompanied by
Lieut. F. L.Eagan. who is an officer
.-indent in tne school.
Crpluin Pouchcr is in charge of the
opinion is much more consonant with
free press and free speech guarantees.
"The court holds, in addition, that
where a publication is not contemptu
ous on its face the defendants' sworn
denial of contemptuous purpose will
be taken as conclusive and the de
fendant discharged, in the absence of
the definite pleading and proof .by
the state that the publication tended
to obstruct justice. This is, in effect,
a disavowal of the theory of some
courts that judges may convict on
their 'intuitive knowledge' in such
cases, and without pleading and proof
of the facts and circumstances relied
upon.
"In line with these holdings the
court also holds that a defendant
charged with contemptuous criticism
Is entitled to every construction con
sistent with innocence of wrongful in
tent, saying 'in ronsidering the prob
Hble effect of the publication, every
fair and reasonable inference con
sistent with the theory of the defend
ant's innocence should he indulged."
This rule is emphasized by the court
in its statement that it is merely de
claratory of a primary principle of
criminal law and necessarily appli
cable to the case at bar.
"The court also holJs that judges
may not redress their private griev
ances by contenvpt proceedings, but
may resort only to the kinds of relief
open to the private citizen. As to this,
the court says that contempt powers
lire 'not to he used as a means of per
tion. is the reformation of the prin-; Tcxas belov.; Roswt.ir N. M.. two
ciple that "under our theory of Rov;j below, and even MuXico nud ,reezing
eminent the right of freedom of; weatner
speech and of the press are essential i '
to public welfare.' While holding
that these do not afford lictnse to EVw E , .',7m
indulge in unwarranted attacks upon Jf Ol III Cf ltCSl CICll I
the courts, the opinion notes that
'public opinion has greatly restrained,
the courts' in the exercise of con-1
tempt powers, and that even false!
and unwarranted criticisms of judges -afford"
them no greater remedy than.
these given to private citizens, unless i tary
they encroach upon the rights of liti
gants and tend to obstruct justice in
contribute to the association each its
regional news, thus extending and
assuring the incoming news service.
The sending of news from here to
South America immediately will in
terpret the United States to all Latin
America, from Mexico to Patagonia.
t Evans, setrctary of the mili
Y. M. C. A. at Camp Harry J-
Ji nes. returned to Douglas yesterday i
to resume his duties, after spending)
pending mutters or embarrass the' -cw i ear s ee uere. tns particular
judge in the discharge of judicial i reason for coming was to attend the
functions. I dance Tuesday night at the Warren
"An llmiurl.im ruling ret-ariliii;. lh i District Country tlub.
Visits Districting BEGIN DRIVE
AGAINST RONO SALE
right or tiie public to comment upon
a judge's political, personal and busi
ness affiliations is embraced in the
court's decision overruling the holding
of the lov er court that such comment
was contemptuous, as in effect charg-
A campaign against the fakirs who
endeavor to separate the unwary Indi
vidual from his Liberty bonds, has
been started by the banks of the War
ren district, which are using the fol-
at Camp Jones would be raised soon. ( ", . 'lu"c,s V w-
both on account of a diminution in the- v '.
Your government asks you very
tarnestly not to sell these unless you
-Mr. Evans expected the quarantine
number of cases of influenza among
the soldiers and the decreasing se
verity of the disease. There had
ine that tho fudge was a nolitical ! b'n ft1' deaths ainons
iudee and that his court was controlled i tien,s recently, comparatively speuk-
......... v
by politics, concerning such dis-! "itnoiiAn in tne Degiiining
closures of the iudges relations the cpMcnuc was quue severs.
the ,
supreme court said 'certainly apply
ing the rules of criminal law to this
case, this court cannot presume that
such a statement is contemptuous j
per sc.
Mr. Evans formerly was (oiincc
with the Phelps Dodge store in this
city and prior to entering the army
Y work was manager of the P. D.
store in Tyrone. N. M.
FREE HOMESEEKERS BUREAU
aviation fields to he retained by the
government, as flying instruct ion
schocls. according to advices received
CHy !i-vi. w 1.p;is-i) Wire) today from Washington by Major SIiu-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. A home-1 ons. commandant at Park Field.
seekers' bureau has been established Kelly Field. No. 2. at San Antonio,
by the railroad administration to give ' Tex., and fields at Dallas, Tex., and
free information about opportunities j Riverside, Cat. according to the ad
in western and southern states, to vices, will be used as preliminary
those who wish to encage in farm- j training schools and others to be re
ins, stock raising, gardening and siml- tuined include the fields at Arcadia,
lar occupations. .1. L. Edwards, man-Fla., and Housicn. Tex., which will
agcr of the agricultural section of the j be used as advanced pursuit schools.
laMw-ad administration, will have laud the advanced gunnery school at
general charge of this information ! Rockwell Field. San Diego, fal.
. i . ... i :n 1 : . ... I i .. i i i
i Ht-rx ice :iimi win lie ms.si.-.i-ii iiv .1. r.i
sonal Jirotecl ion not accorded to other; iarivu. in Washington; C. L. Sea- DESTROYERS COME HOME
W. Crox-:
I .tlr P.oview ".'Irci
BOSTON. Jan. 1. Word was
nfiicials.' and further suys 'if in hi
individual capacity a judge is criti
cised or libeled his recourse is the
same as thai afforded any private
iili.:c-n, unless It is shoun that th"
j'graves. in Chicago, and V.
I ton, ill Atlanta.
Fart with your Liberty bonds
means glviug up your pledge of patri-
ctisin and citizenship, and har.dinc
...... . .. .i it . . . j . . -
Liberty bonds will bo worth much
more iconey presently and it is good
business to hold them.
If You Must Sell
C t the full market price. Co to a
responsible broker and let him give
you mfcrmation and advice. Do not
seli to just anyone, who may not treat
you tairly.
Issued by treasury department bu
reuu cf publicity. Dallas branch.
The national government, several
months ago. began the campaign
.-ga'tist the men who were advertising
'thuiKs just as good" in return for
Liberty bonds. Such advertising has
leen stopped all over the country,
bin templing baits in the form of
wildcat stocks and other so-called
j "se ui ities" are said to be offered the
j public yet. with Lilwrty bonds as pay
I I'.ii-m. It is an effort to prevent the
! unthinking individual from parting
with lltA lJIwrfv Kiln. la in
I-,,, i .- -. 111 ii-iuiu ii i
Lieut. Dimes are Instructors. Tin
But, as a matter of fact i course as iiiappea oui win cxicini mti muci tenueci io oosiruci me orderly
pel hhj in aiHjiu iiiu iiiuiiiii. n i cuiiiM- hi jusiii e in mime iemniig casii
lie -o.,.liti.n. ! is probable that the. the clocks wtre set back for Germany; -.,.. u-s ...,,..,, ,ia(, -iv,. ln ,!,..-! ,.,, ,,.,.,.,. , ,lMll:,,rHSK
stteicV- will uiet with popular pub-1 by her militarists in August, 1914. I k!ioi1 previous to tho holiday scasou. judge iu the discharge of judicial 1 lias been designated as one of the
DESIGNATE AVIATION FIELDS
lllv K"-v.-w l.i:io-l v'l.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Jan 1 Park
Field al A I illingtuii. Tenn.. near hern.
.iim.i liii, . ,,r ,1. t.il.tr. .1 ....I... .t.... .i
cched at naval l.ea..uai ter here t'Hi " l , V h V - .
day that the destroyers Tucker and ' . ? tmn ,h,'ir '"P-'SU ot
Him l 1'iti'lli ll.
Drayton and the convi rted yacht Isa-
t...i .. i.i..i. I...... i i.
Ul I. fun II ita. c lit I'll infill I'.ini'i
ilut.i icei-cas. would reai h Hie navy
yard here at U a. ui. tuuiotrow.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS SEVEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1919.
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under t-'iis head at the rate of 1 cent rer word for each
issue, -with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. ior insertion the next morning.
Mule Help Wanted
WANTED AH around tailor. Allen i
building. Bisbee, Ariz. Phillip Doff- j
man. 548 1
WANTED Mine foreman, fluent
KDanish for Cananea. able to take
charge Mexicans, push development
energetically. Salary $250. Also
electrician mechanic, salary $175.
Mr. Sanders. Gadsden hotel. Doug
las, today, or call Copper Queen ho-
tel January 2, or write Calumet & '
. . . ... 1 r I
Sonora Mining company, "liox 35
Cananea. ' 640
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Housekeeper to take care
vi sis children, good home for right
j . Apply alter 4 o'clock at Co-
Mike Lazovich. 589
For Sale
FOR SALE Fixtures 21 room board
ing house.- Concrete block 44 Jig
gerville. 547
FOR SALE 1G0 acres, three room
house, outbuildings, irrigating wa
ter, shade trees. Must eeli, $1000
cash, balance terms. See owner, 110
Opera Drive, corner Broadway and
Central school. 613
FOR SALE Cash or terms, phono
graph, cabinet style, plays all rec
ords, Edison, Pathe, Victor, etc. Rec
ords included. Phone Blue 540. 612
FOR SALE Furniture for two rooms.
Inquire A. B. Walker, 97-B Chihua
hua hill, above Bugen grocery store,
Naco road. - ???
FOR SALE Dodge touring car in
first class condition, fully equipped
with standard and glassed-in winter
top, good tires and two extras. Own
er leaving town, bargain If taken at
once. Phone Red 477. 586
FOR SALE Modern four room house
in Warren, furnished. Terms very
reasonable. Phone 74S. 604
FOR SALE OR TRADE 1915 special
H.-D. niotorclcle, cheap, or trade on
Ford car. G. K., Review. 590
FOR SALE Three rooms of furni
ture, house for rent. 57 Roberts
avenue, Mason hill. 558
FOR SALE Four room house. In
quire Brown or Western, South
Bisbee. 554
FOR SALE The Pressure cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 548
FOR SALE New coal and wood
range. S. L. Duckett, South Bisbee.
561
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house. For particulars inquire 101
upper Lowell. 439
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house in South Bisbee, also garage.
P. L. LunL 532
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, by
Garfield school. Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirchner. 503
FOR SALE 160 acres land, fine
Bha.ie for winter crop, genuine bot
tom land on river, near railroad and
highway of state. Artisan water.
Bargain to cash buyer. Give your
address. Box 1957, Bisbee. 562
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house, completely furnished. For
particulars phone Blue 711. 527
FOR SALE 1917 under-slung Ford
speedster, chehp. Inquire S. Mor
ganstern, Lowell. 529
FOR SALE iO-acre ranch near Ram
sey canyon, especially adapted fruit,
two year trees, bore 20 pounds last
year. No irrigation necessary,
ground ready to set-2500 trees, also
fine for hogs and chickens. House,
barn, 330 rods farm fence, balance
barbed wire. Cow, chickens, sow,
plenty of water, for $1250. Samuel
Thomas Pyeatt, Garccs, Ariz. 422
FOR SALE Two cement houses, one
eight-room and one four-room, with
some furniture. Johnson avenue.
No. 30 Johnson addition. 348
FOR SALE Mets two passenger car,
good running order. Stevens Elec
tric shop. 339
FOR SALE The Samson house, cor
ner G avenue and Fourteenth street,
Douglas, Ariz. For further informa
tion apply A. J. Applen, 181 Temby
avenue, or Box 638, Bisbee, Ariz. 2S3
FOR SALE Upright piano, standard
make, nearly new, part on time.. Ad
dress. P. O. Box 666, Warren. 600
FOR SALE: Player piano, oak case,
nearly new, at a bargain, easy pay
ments. A. Z. Mcc8dc, Jowelei. I.O-
well. 598
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits.
Levin, Iwell, Ariz.
M.
597
JrVanted
WASTED 'anh paid lot Liberty,
bonds, all isr.ucs. Bring thiia to .
Room 1. I'.isbcc hotel, and get ihe .
cash. W. D. Hill. 6"6 ;
WANTED To rent, a three to five
rixini fuinii-hed cottage. H. C, care
Review. Close in. '0V
WANTED Roomers.
Ross, 83 Jiggervillc.
Apply to Mrs.
5S7
WANTED Room. Refined young mau
dusires room in private fauiily. Ad
dress J. L. It., Review. 5ii
WANTED Furnished room with or,
without board ith congenial family ;
in Iiisbee or Wiii reii by oung in
II. if. M., care Review. 5-5-
I i
For Rent
FOR RENT Two partly furnished
housekeeping rooms. 64 Laundry
hill. 546
FOR RENT Cabin furnished for
batching.
176 Naco road. Holbrook
stop.
5S5
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.
SO Upper Lowell. 536
FOR RENT Rooms, partly furnished,
: . I 1 1 .... I. L. r. l.. .'..,, V. I:0tiaa
in the Rock house in South Bisbee
472
FOR REXT Pasture for crazing cat-
j tie by month. Samuel Leiendecker.
Hereford, Ariz. 642
'OST White Angora cat, $5 reward
If returned to Victoria Rooming
louse. 508
Found .
FOUND Pair lady'B shoes. Owner
may recover by application to
Clease L. Purdy. 609
Miscellaneous
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive.
677
MADAME J. REA KEYS Next door
to Lowell Waiting Room, Lowell,
Ariz. Clarlvoyant and crystal read
er. Dead trance spirit medium, born
with a double veil, without asking
questions gives you dates, facts and
figures, and wil read your entire
life. Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Phone 62. Home Phone 559. C34
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well-
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble of any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble is;
I can help you. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. 88
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses
Train for service. 26S
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
25c.
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal ncte to salaried men ana wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
ROYAL PALACE DESTROYED.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, via London, Jan. 1. (By
the Associated Press.) The damage
to t'r.e imperial palace in Berlin dur
ing the recent excesses, by theft or
vandalism, is estimated to exceed $1,
500,000. Five hundred persons im
plicated in the plundering, which is
said to have been going on for the
past six weeks, have been appre
hended and much of the stolen propery
recovered.
GIGANTIC TASK
FACES AMERICA
IN WAR FIELD
(ContlmiPd from Page One)
largo portion of new equipment. The
coil mire are totally destroyed and
tli-s network of railways in this re
gion has been rendered almost hope
less o- reconstruction for many
mcnths The German method of de
struction was to bend every singln
rail hi exploding a hand grenade
under it, rendering it useless for all
time. The Grand Canal du Nord,
which connects this section of France
with the Belgian canal system and is
the natural entry port for goods from
Antwerp or Rotterdam, was itself
practically the fighting line for four
years and I so badly destroyed that
it will take fully a year for Its com
plete reconstruction.
"The relief is based upon an allow
ance of food to the value of about-35
cents a day to the destitute, those
having any resources or employment
being required to pay. The whole ex
tent of destitution is not yet known,
but appears to be fully 60 per cent of
the population."
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
A Walls! Resistance
Elmphasis should be placed upon
the conservation of strength and
the building up of a strong wall
of resistance against weakness.
OTTS
EMULSION
is used regularly by many, right
through the winter, as a depend
able means of conservingstrength.
For the delicate child or adult,
Scott 8 offers neb nourish
ment with tonic-qualities that
are great in their ability to
strengthen the body and in
crease resistance
ScoU&Bowse.iUoomaUtLNJ. tf-fl
BRITISH LEADER REVIEW'S WAR PRISONERS IN
V l Vr kv Vk Vn W . W
Gek. Sir Henry Wilson, left one of
About the State
Mesa: Public schools of the town
opened today for the first time since
closed on account of the influenza
epidemic. The latter trouble has
practically disappeared from this part
of the valley.
Ajo: In the Clarkston townite I
case wherein the , land of fire i seeks to ;
sei iuo om uai i.l.c i
i .. 1 n A n ahj.K rlnrlrtnn la '
i.. ,v.o Phncniv nffirials were !
ucuia umiM"
unable to agree and passed the ir.at -
ter on to the general land office t I
ernment decision is against him. he j
n-iii obo tho rriattpr intn the courts I
t cir in t.mvpnt the covernment I
from setting aside title.
Nogales- D. W. Canfield. agent for
extern Indemnity company. inSt
the
more than 17 other insurance com
panies, was ordered today by the state
... i..i
c
.nd j . will -'whT'or10"-" erday when his il-year-o.d
show cause, if any, why he should !Man- old 8tents, " daughter, Sarah, and 5-yearH)ld son,
no be deprived of a license to trans-' "n ' d d ot ' 'lir i e' catne forwartl and 8aid ,hey WCre
act insurance business in Arizona. ! 0e first semester, last September.. f tne crjme of wn,cn their
He al'o is ordered to produce his. eitner turned or have .8K lfatner was accused. The little folks
books at th hearing it is alleged" hey expe. cted to regter , toW tQe court they had entered
in the complaint against Canfield thatl VJ. hon!e of J"n8en when:
"accounts have been handled in an
unsatisfactory and irregular manner.
Phoenix: Mrs. Mary (or Ida) Glenn
1 a Vl J tclnl a Vi a rffn .
resiern ruwuu ""'. f""' "
by affirmation by Superior Judge Ly-
man
t' ifhiS J? tZlhelllnngf : c
rnnrt ' It hannen
, . .., j j ; ,, a
airs, uieuus UUUUU w-iun in
eastern Phoenix precinct, wherein
eastern ruueu. l -"""" "
C0J,0n?llJlet&b.et tt&CleJt
1 K . . . . K, i
cision within a few days.
Miami: Hinson Thomas, United
States commissioner, is to resign, it
is reported, to become under sheriff
in the office of Sheriff Gene Shute. It
is said he will be succeeded by Judge
Hechtman of Globe. William Wilson.
deputy under Sheriff Frank Haynes,
Ul be chief deputy 'in charge of th.:
w
Miami district. Ed Barnum will be " ;
the second Miami deputy and William Prominent practicing attornej - of Lo
' , ... K rhi i-iitr i,io ! Angeles, spent the greater part of his
S"?' V "JXniiZoooi days in Tucson, where the
deputies. Hugh larsen w
at Hayden and Carrol
Christmas. Deputy Ed Hamilton will
succeed himself at Winkelman and
BuJ Aimer will again be deputy at
Payson.
Jerome: ime parly who is be
lieved to be either crazy or doped
entered the home of Mr. and Mrs. Cas
Rivera this morning about 5:30 and
got away with Rivera's pocketbonk.
containing $S. A neighbor says that
late in the afternoon she saw a young
man in the neighborhood acting in a
suspicious manner. He was wanaer-
ing about aimlessly, now and then
pausing to go through spme calis
thenic exercises. He was dressed in
People Notice It. Drive Them Off
with Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets
A ntmnlv face will not embarrass you
much longer if you get a package of Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skin should
begin to clear after you have taken the
tablets a tew mgnts.
t Cleanse the blood,the bowels and the liver
with Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the suc
cessful substitute for calomel; there'snever
any sickness or pain after taking them.
I Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do that
' which calomel does, and just as effectively.
but their action is gentle and safe instead
of severe and irritating.
No one who takes Olive Tablets is
ever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"
a bad breath, a dull, listless, "no good"
Jeeling. constipation, torpid liver, bad
disposition or pimply face. ,
I Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are
a purely vegetable compound mixed
with olive oil; you wul know them
bv their olive color.
Dr. Edwards spent years among pa
tients afflicted with liver and bowel
complaints, and Olive Tablets are the
immensely effective result
"7".. 1. fniA tiirrhtlt, tnr wrplr.
See how much better you feci and look.
IOC aud 25c PCX box. All druggiitS,
Ufa
central figures, inspecting British prisoners of war in Constantinople.
gray and otherwise answered the de-
scription of the early morning visitor
to the Rivera home.
I Inspiration: W. D. Clegg met In-
stani death in the Inspiration con
! centrator when his clothing in some
i manner caught in a revolving shaft
and he was pounded to death and ter
ribly mangled before the machinery
could be storped. It is not known how
he came to be entangled by the shaft.
"r" .,,. K .h ci,oft
- -g nea; enQjgh o h(m
t;m . vnl;iin iimt how it
. me --
nappenea.
Mr. Clegg was about 56
1, 00 - ,if .), IIvm
'n - emoloyed in the
Miami, and a onemp ea in n
Vitivv "v. r r
company at Globe
Tucson: Advance registration
at
tne university oi Arizona. . uu.,.
amounted to over iuu, wnifn is coumj .
. i Li. i I !.
a 'arPe "m'"n ; No funeral arrangements will be made,
"V. arrival of relatives.
students, who took advantage of the,
closing of 'ne college to go t tneirj
various homes for the Christmas holi-:
"V -J.... , ;
uary 3.
Miami: Mark Campbell is near
t.-..i .-,i i iM-w
Miami run overturning
Miami about 6 o'clock last night.
XldClUlCU BHUll OI1U luo w.ii- i-"i .
,, .,i- ( . -A
"""' , " " .
asary, the Mexican, is cut
bruised and may be Internally
iured. Campbell was the drive,
er of
came to turn over, but it is surmised
that the steering gear became jammed
and the front wheels buckled up un
der the car.
Tucson: News has been receded
from Los Angeles of the appointment
of Orestes O. OriiUi of that place to
the post of United States consul at
-J;, "'t.,?
ill be deputy faniil' lJveJ for a number of years.
Gilmer at'Tll 'atQt'!' was a member of the tar
lu i ucson una well khuu omt inc
state as well as on the coast. Orestes
Oiiila has been a re.-.i;lent of Mazat
; lan for the jiast two years, being era
I ployed by the Los Angeles Tanning
jcompnny at that point. When the war
' come young Orfila, as a volunteer
worker, assisted the local consul in
running down American slackers and
, was appointed vice-consul on Novem
ber 6.
j TuC;?on: As the flock was striking
n ,.,Bt nignti wi(h but an uour re.
mainln of tle dvl old year Fore.
man Ed G. Bush rapped on tl;e door
of the jury room and announced that
a verdict had been reached in tho
tane of the state of Arizona versus
Jose Wchby. charged with the mur
der of Elias Aliuaix, his Syriau fel
low countryman. A few minutes later,
judge, attorneys uiri bailiffs were as
sembled in the courtroom and Wehby
learned his fate. It was a verdict of
murdT in the first degree, with no
mitigating recommendation of clem-
ei cv. The only penalty possible is
life imprisonment in the utate peni-
tenMary it t Florence. Had VVehby's
crime been committed a few weeks
later. I'unsiiig would have been his
I aymelit to the stale.
Piii.e.-.; ;: v "im :i fie V .t" i Si it "s
di.fr!it lourt ,;: adjourned here be-
cau.v f i. if. ue ',niliti uis in Octo -
her i: was expei -ted that n term of
tl.c trial j.irv woul i b called here
in January. At that tMiie uiiK
;aes we'e tried here bond cases be
ltt Je!eii"u ut. til a'ter tile dancer
fi'-ni the piiiet.i e his t'een obviated.
Ti e federal court uas scheduled to
Hin t i.i Tucson d'irim November anil
rt t'.'ore In ! irecmbcr. but iiwlnu to
ti e re;ilentc of influenza no court
h; C I.i e:i 1 e!J i-i either of these
plaie-i. It ii now expected that
Jil lue h'awle'.le will convene court ill
Tit' s in in Jjni'.iry. anil ki t tllohe
the fi.llov. iai; ni'jiitti. March is the
' ;"'; ""'' ";' "'"' ";"'' ";,
I ledeiHl min t at Piescott ami April at
CONSTANTINOPLE
This photo was taken after the
British took possession of Con
stantinople trnder the terms of the
armistice which the beaten Turks
signed. It shows Gen. Sir Henry
Wilson reviewing the British pris
oners of war soon after his arrival
in Constantinople to inspect the
general situation there. Thou
sands of British subjects were held
virtually as prisoners by the Turks
when the Turks entered the war.
i
i
V
Phoenix. As there are about 150 jailed
federal prisoners awaiting trial at
Tucson, a special session court is iu
be calied there as soon as the danger
of the epidemic is sufficiently les
sened. Globe: Charles W. Quinn, a pioneer
resident of this district, died at his
home, 693 North Devereaux street, at
7 o'clock last nisht. Heart trouble
was tiven as the cause of his death.
CUarIes W. Quinn was born in Massa-
cnuseiis iv jears ago. no uau
. ...... .. , in
ms iu iuC j,Bi au -..t
Wl
was wen 1 1 ivc u uy an w i'
Qlnn followed mining since his
fa Gjobe m w
. . iA
leasing on property owned by the Old
, Dominion company at the time he was
; taken sick last June. The deceased is
survived by a widow and four daugh-
Uvj ,n thu cIty and two80ngi
. j.,fc,0 ,,,! r-aiifnrnia '
inu uuubiiic.o i.
.,,,. , iT,.an rrH of
- " " "0,,"
he was away on a vacation ana, nuing
pillow cases with albums, laces, i
vases and other articles, had hidden
the lot in a trunk in their own home.
Before they took the stolen goods to
their own home they hid it in the
pomegranite bushes for fear their
lather would find them out. They as
sured tne court that the only time
their father treated them unkindly was
when he found they took things that
did not belong to them. The court
dismissed the case against Ariziso. and
the father will have to pay Jorgen
slu $50 for damages to his goods.
Phoenix: Discrepancies of Arthur
M. Bostrom, former cashier of the Pa
cific Gas & Electric Co.'s local office,
total $5200 he told officials of the
company upon his return to Phoenix
Sunday. First audit of tne books
fixed the shortage at $1300, just one
quarter of the amount actually taken.
Bostrom made a "clean breast" of his
I shortcomings upon his return from
Los Angeles. He told how he had
"doctored" the books of the company
that his discrepancies might not be
discovered and he showed officials
how he hud manipulated affairs so
that they would be unable to ascer
tain the exact amount of his shortage.
Unescorted, Bostrom returned to
Phoenix Sunday morning. He bad
previously announced his intention of
coming back to this city to "face the
music," and transportation from Los
Angeles to Phoenix was provided by
his former employer. When ar
raigned in justice court yesterday,
Bostrom waned his preliminary ex
amination and was immediately bound
over to the superior court, where it
is understood that he will enter a
plea of guilty.
POLES ATTEND CONFERENCE
(By P.eview Itised Vlr) '
PARIS. Jan. 1. An official Polish
delegation has arrived in Switierland
and is expected to reach Paris Fri
day to lay Polish interests before the
peace conference. Efforts will again
bo made to obtain complete recogni
tion for Poland and assistance to com
bat the bolshevik!, especially from the j
United States.
DRIVE AWAY HEADACHE
Rub Musterola on Forehead j
1 and Temples
i A headache remedy without the dan
1 Rers of "headache medicine." Relieves
i headache and that miserable feeling from
colds or congestion. And it acts at once !
1 Musterole is a clean, white ointment,
made with oil of mustard. Better than a
' mustard plaster and does not blister,
: Used only externally, and in no way can
t aficct stomach and heart, as some in-
icrnai mcuiunea uu.
Excellent for sore throat bronchitis.
croup, stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, con
gestion, pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago,
all pains and aches of the back or joints,
sprains, sore muscles, bruises, chilblains,
f losted feet colds of the chest (it ollen
prevents pneumonia).
30c and bOc jars; hospital size $2 50
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place or
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBFE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON.
Dictator
B18BEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow? Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
HaJ phone 119.
G fx. PLUNK ETT, N. O.
uK.-i I'ER EUSTACE, SecT
t-tTHIAN SISTERS
LIU It-nifie No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd fellows Hall Vlalt'ng
sisters are cordially invtteu.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
Phono Black 61
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C
Box 147t
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLE8
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m .
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. Presdnt.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary
C. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 83b. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
vch hall. VisiUnj: Archers are cor
dially Invited.
F. V.'. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 468
P. O. Box 9 SI, Warren.
E. D. STINSON.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 4, 1919
Monday 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Regular
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y F. A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in t. O
a F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
er cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMtTHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Eox 426. Bisbee.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
DEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED (MP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICt"
A. OWERS, Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depm
PHONES 640 and 50.
1
I SSw J to"!" :
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. l
Knighu of Pythia
meets each Tuesday
texcept second) in Ode
Fellows' Hall at 7:Se
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
H. t. WOOTON. C. V
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular metln? first an! third Trt
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invitod to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OI-' 1 THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m, Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic hat)
Peart Chapter. No. 6. meet
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
EMMA WOODS. W. M.
MRS.
Phone 161. Box 43, Bisbe
MRS. JESSIE BEV AN. Sec'y. P O
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 161.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I O O. F
tlali First and Third
Saturdays. V i s i t ii
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor
F. M. WI1XIAMS. Rec Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOO
T. F. &
. . - - i -Tw uu wii ..iuu v. t - m
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich HalL VU t
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
Box 722. Tel. 235. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341
Meets 1st Saturday
Hedigovich HalL
It L. MOTZ. Consul.
S. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jjtck Bldj., Maiit Street
Phone 2G Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an rslimaic
on that job on short notice
J
w EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY RlLVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1919. ,
City Briefs
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? It so, call The
Review after 6 p. m. aud tell the
Society Editor. Phone 39.
to these schemes. Permanent hold
ings of the bonds in being urged upon
the railroad employes, and in the
event of their not beins able to retain
them, they are advised to consult !
reputable bankers.
HERE FROM HEREFORD.
Jim Pelaney of Hereford is in the
city for a short visit.
BACK TO TOMBSTONE.
Paul Smith, postmaster Vf Tomb
stone, has returned home after a short
visit iere.
REPORTS FOR DUTY. j
Franci3 A. Sabin of St. Pavid, pre-i
j viously reported as misisng in action, '
is now listed as returned to duty in
yesterday's casualty list from over-,
seas. Persons interested in the com- j
plete lists may see them at the Re
view office.
COCHISE COUNTY! COLONEL GREENVVA Y FOREIGNERS URGEDCATTLE SITUATION
INVITED TO AID TO VISIT DISTRICT TO GAIN THROUGH IS MUCH IMPROVED
GOOD ROAD PLAN
FROM CANANEA.
J. L. Edmundson of Cananea, was in
the city jesterday on a short visit and
will return home today.
IS IN EL PASO.
Bassett Watkins is spending a few
days in El Paso on a business trip and
is exper.-ted home today.
BACK FROM TUCSON.
G. H. Dowel, general
the Copper Queen branch
Phelps Podse corporation, has re
turned here from Tucson, where he
attended a meeting of the copper
producers of the state, at which con
ditions r.ffothig the mining industry
were discusted
JOHNSON IN CITY. .
Pete Johnson, a pioneer of Hisbee
and a large property owner bete, was
'in the city yesterday from his ranch
on Silver creek, east of Douglas.
FROM HUACHUCA.
J. L. Egan of Ft. Huachuca, was in
the city yesterday on a short business
trip and was a guest at the Copper
Queen hotel.
RETURN HOME.
Deputy County Recorder George
Wales and wife returned to their
home in Tombstone this morning after
spending yesterday with relatives in
Warren.
PENEFIT PARTIES START.
Beginning Saturday, parties given
fcr the benefit of the permanent blind,
at the Country club, will again be in
augurated, and the public is urged to
attend. Chain card parties, which
were so popular last year, will again
start cn the same day, when Mrs. F.
O. Shirje will have three tables.
TO JOIN NAVY.
William Taylor, who was here
spending the holidays with relatives,
has returned to San Diego with the
intention of completing his enlistment
in the navy.
BURIES BROTHER.
Lou Birdino of Upper Lowell, re
turned yesterday from Safford, where
he went to attend the funeral of his
brother Charles, who died a few days
ago at Superior. The body was taken
to Safford for turial. He was in Saf
ford not long ago for the purpose of
attending the funeral of his brother
John, of the United States land office.
I FOURTH ANNIVERSARY.
The fourth anniversary of the day
BACK TO NAVY.
Dewey (Spike) Hogan, who has
been in the city visiting relatives, left
last night for San Francisco to rejoin
the navy, intending to complete the
four years' term of enlistment.
The Warren district and Cochise
county will have representation and
manager of 'will take an active part in a good
of the roads meetine to be held in Phoenix
January 27. for the purpose of discuss
ing good road projects and possibili
ties in this state during the next 12
months. J. J. Bowen of Bisbee, will
organize the Coohise delegation to the
meeting, which has been called by
Dwight B. Heard, as president of the
Phoenix chamber of commerce.
Practical state-wide road
programs which can be initiated in
Arizona will be discussed and it is pos
sible will be determined on at the
meeting, which is called at the behest
of President Wilson, who has urged
immediate action in all states and
counties in public works.
Mr. Heard's telegram requesting
Mr. Bowen to take charge of the Co
chise county delegation follows:
"President Wilson urges immediate
activity all states and counties in pub
lic works, especially road building.
Believe time opportune for Arizona to
initiate practical state-wide road build
ing program and would like you to
join us in issuing call for road con
vention under auspices Arizona Good
Roads association, such meeting to be
held in Phoenix January 27. It is
essential that the board of supervisors
and all commercial bodies be fully
Lt. Col. John C. Greenway, general
manager of the Calumet Ac Arizona
Mining .company when in civil life,
and a member of Uncle Sam's expedi
tionary forces in France when in mili
tary life, will return soon to the Vur
ren district to visit with his old
friends. Colonel Greenway assured his
friends of this when yesterday he
wired them from New York.
When Colonel Greenway arrived in
New York on the last day" of the year,
he fouud waiting for him at his hotel
a telegram of welcome and congratu
lation from the citizens of the Warren
district, sent by the Warren District
Commercial club. This message ex-
I pressed the hope that the colonel
building might return to this district at least
for a visit.
Yesterday the Warren District Com
mercial club received in reply to its
message, direct assurance from Col
onel Greenway that he will soon visit
in Arizona. The colonel's message
read:
"One of the joys of coming home to
the United States is to get your tele
gram of good wishes. 1 long for the
smell of the grease wood and hope
soon to see all good friends in Ari
zona." . '
Plans for a public reception for the
colonel have been started and will be
-Yl
MICTION
II
midday hours filled the streets with
slush, and running wafer. At night
i the thermometer dropped below freez
ing and there was a good deal oi
troubl with bursting water pipes In
the residence quarter. The winter
was being remarked upon as the most
severe in a number of years.
TUCSON'. Jan. 1. L. C. Shattui k,
Bisbee banker and general manager
of Shattuck-Arizona and Denn-Ari-zona
Copper companies, was a brief
visitor In the city Sunday, on his
way to Santa Cruz county. The ob
ject of his visit there was to look
over grazing land, for he has. along
with his other Interests, extensive
cattle holdings and for a considerable
portion of his stock in Cochise county
is now obliged to look for better
range for the remainder of the winter.
i concerning DanKing anu cat tie. .Mr.
; Shattuck said that they are pretty
much allied in a financial way at this
time, the cattlemen having during the
last two years been obliged to call
upon the banks heavily fcr assistance.
Inability to sell during the present
Attent'on of foreigners, who expect
to be candidates for citizenship at the
naturalization session of the Cochise
county superior court, scheduled to
te held about March 15, is directed
to be at the Hi-Y night school, where
a special course for their benefit has
been piepared by John T. Bowles, the
principal. It will be necessary for,
such persons to act at once, as the '
classes already have been started
upen the courses laid down in text
looks sent out from Washington, D.
C. The text books are furnished free
of nargo to each candidate and,
should he be successful In passing the
examination and being naturalized.
me DOOK KKWIUK Ills licuuu." . f ,,, .v Aa ,, fooH la
property. obliging them to carry over until
.Naturalization classes meet at 6.30 . h bankg d , fc, of
P' "h- Tuesdays and Thursdays, at neces3ary ,0 fin8ncing.
the . M. C A. AH foreigner, who Ret,enf nd g Mj. ghBt.
new are studying English under the k ga,d ha(J improved the
tutelage of Mr Bowles and his f ( 8itUation for cattlemen throughout the
sistants are being urged to take -jBUle and they are now abie t0
vantage of the privilege of listening to fopward wlth teM0Mbl, confidence to
the instruction ana reciiaiiou oi iu
naturalization class. As rapidly as
C & A. BAND LEADER
EN ROUTE TO BISBEE
Frank R. Todhunter. leader of the
Calumet & Arizona baud, who was
called to his home in Ohio in Novem
ber because of the serious illness of
his son. will return to the Warren dis
trict within the next ten days. News
of his intention of leaving for Arizona
reached J. L. Clugston. bandinanager,
yesterday.
Mr. Todhunter came to the Warren
district on the first day of last Novem
ber to assume his duties as lender of
the band. Fifteen days later he was
called to his home, where he has since
been. Each time he has written to
the band men of the district he has
expressed his desire to return soon to
winter, because of the poor condition 1 the district, and word that he is en
route back was received with rejoic
ing by the members of the orsiajiiza-
good year.
In Bisbee,
the visitor Raid, severe
tion last night.
Mr. Todhunter is a band man of
long experience and has filled some of
the most important positions in musi
cal organizations of the United States.
He was formerly cornet soloist with
the United States Marine band, with
Herbert L. Clarke. T. P. Brooke, and
other famous bands. During his stay
ON SHORT VISIT.
Jack O'Connor, a former resident of
this city, but for the past year a resi
dent of Douglas, was in the city yes
terday on a visit to friends. He re
turned home late last evening.
RETURNS TO TOMBSTONE.
Bruce Wagner, who spent New
Year's in the city, returned to Tomb
stone this morning. He is operating
a lease in the county seat with Harry
Macia and is meeting" with good suc
ON SHORT VISIT. ;
El D. Elson and F. V. Ashton, who
have mining interests at Middlemarch
in the Dragoon mountains in the
northern part of the county, were in
the city yesterday on a short business
trip. They will return home today.
Arizona went ury was ceieoraieu uy a ; repre8ented. Counting on you to see
large percentage of the people of Bis-1 r county 8trong in evidence."
bee by drinking nothing but water and j Mr Bowen replied as follows:
coffee. With bootleg whisky reported) ..j agree with you on thi8 Deing an
at $7 a pint and steadily climbing, , opportune time to start state-wide
and with a limited supply, even those campa,gn on good roadg building, be
who could find the illusive bootleg , f. ia fb Hntv nt verv
lacked the price.
PHILADELPHIA HOTEL SOLD.
'Miss Elizabeth Cunningham has
sold the Philadelphia hotel on O. K.
street to Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Jush,
who have taken charge of the hos
telry. Miss Cunningham, accompanied
American citizen to answer our presi
( dent's call and assist our government
by every means in our power to dis
! tribute the burdens now imposed upon
i it, by providing labor at this time and
: at the same time do the greatest and
I most needed benefit to our great state.
I I will do all I can to interest our
commercial clubs and board of super-
by Miss Alice Connor, will leave soon
for Los Angeles, there to visit for a i visors in Cochise county, and we will
time. They then will go to Philadel- j be represented at your meeting on
phia to reside. i January 27."
OVER FROM CANANEA.
Pete Contreras, a well-known
resi-
BACK FROM COAST.
State Representative Harry Jen-'
nings has returned from Los Angeles, '
where he spent the past week on a
business trip. He met a number of (
Arizona people in Los Angeles who in-1
quired about the Warren district. He
is now arranging his business affairs
so as to leave for Phoenix to attend
the opening of the session of the leg
islature on January 20. i
RENT CAR DRIVER
ESCAPES HOLD-UP
SPENDS XMAS HOLIDAYS.
Ensign Harry Abrams, who has
been spending the Christmas holidays
with Dr. and Mrs. B. C. Tarbell at
Naco, left Tuesday night on the Gold
en UtQta limitoi fni ?-jn Pdflrrt Palif
an employe of the Four C company he hag beeQ 8tati0ned foT the
is in the city on a visit. Mr Contre-ta Ensi AbramB formerly
rao ivronlli' ruaiirnon hlc nncirmn with
lived in Naco his father being the
Hont tf Pnnanpii nnrt fnr ftdvprnt vpnni '
ras recently resigned his position with
the company and opened a garage.
INSPECTING ROADS.
The members of the board of super
ivsors, Messrs. Adams, Roberts and
Jack Sparks, accompanied by Clerk
Karger, spent yesterday in inspecting
the various road camps in the coun
ty and the work that is being done.
owner of the Hotel Naco, famed for
its "bullet proof" rooms.
ARE RECEIVED HERE.
Warning to the railroad employes
of the country against the Liberty
loan sharks who are offering wild cat
stock promising big divrdends in ex
change for Liberty bonds, is being is
sued by the administration. Many
unsuspecting people lured by the
promise of large dividends as con
trasted with the moderate interest
rate of Liberty bonds, have fallen prey
DANG
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES HALL
DANCING 8:30 P.M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
An effort was made by two men, at
least one of whom was masked, to
hold him up Tuesday night about 9
o'clock, near Bakerville, according to
F. E. Ereseler, driver of a service car.
This was shortly after two masked
men had been reported by Frank Mo
rales, another service car chauffeur,
to have held him up at the point of a
pistol, while he was sitting in his car
in front of a house in Bakerville.
Morales says he lost approximately
$100 in currency.
Ereseler said he had been to the
Country club to take passengers to at'
tend the dance and was on his way
back to his stand at Lowell.
Just atter passing through Baker
ville, near the top of the long hill, two
men who were walking along the road
ran in front of the car. One of them
threw up his hand and it appeared to
have something in it. Whether it was
a pistol, Ereseler was not certain.
The actions of the men were 6uch
as to lead the chauffeur to Relieve
that he was about to be "stuck up."
I He "opened her wide up," as he ex-
DR FERGUSON EXPECTED. I pressed it, and the car jumped for-
Dr. Robert FergUHonof the medical ; Tne man frontJof the caf
staff of the Phelps Dodge compora-, wag fQrced to agide fc
lion, copper Vjuceu umu-u, uu " jQ, :, h;,, ,,, if v, k0
any idea of using a pistol it was for
gotten in his scramble for safety.
I ITroBulai aaiH ha riilH nrtt filunlron
Ferguson went from here to Camp , k .,j Jo
i Cody and for some time was attached Thoufrh offioera vesterdav
!! tb J2h,maC ..e. Rrfc kJ ne investigation of the Morales
lue ou u...ul.. .an.., ..c u u hoWup no arre8t8 had been made.
BCIU1IU ... tuwiuauu ill . tut fe tiuuyi
tal in London, England. Ia anticipa
tion of his return. Dr. and Mrs. D. C.
Nason and son, who have been oc
cupying Dr. Ferguson's residence,
have moved to the Copper Queen
hotel, where they will make their
home for the present.
it is anticipated: a large part of the
district's residents will turn out to
welcome back home a former resident.
Details of the plan have not yet been
sufficiently perfected for publication.
Pricenct Officers
Qualify to Serve
With the opening of the new year
t:i(i justices of the peace and con
stables of the Warren district were
changed in accordance with the will
of ;he people as expressed at the polls
in November. ;
Morris C. High, for several years
justice of the peace in Bisbee, turned
over the books and records of his
office to James Allison, his succes
sor. Judge Allison will hold court for
the present in the council chamber of
the city hall. Later, when the city
and county building on Naco road has
been completed, he will have his
office in it.
J. Bert Polly, constable, turned his
office over to A. E. Sheppard. who
his been city, sanitary and plumbing
inspector.
In Lowell, Justice of the Peace
Joseph L. Winters had merely to
make a new bond and take the oath
of office again, as he succeeds himself
in the office.
H. II. Bohnfalk, who succeeded Joel
B. Hodges as constable of Lowell pre
cinct, filed bis bond and took the oath
of office Tuesday afternoon and was
ready to act with the new year.
MORRIS ELIA DIES.
Morris Elia, 33 years old, a resi
dent of this district for the past ten
years, died at the St. Regis hotel I
Tuesday evening at 7:30 o'clock from
pneumonia. Deceased had been an ;
employe at the Junction mine. A ;
cousin of deceased, John Morris, ar-
rived in the district yesterday to make
funeral arrangements. The funeral
will be held from the Hennessy par-i
lors Friday afternoon at 1 o'clock. De-1
ceased was a native of Serbia, ;
been absent from his local position on
leave, while in the army, is expected:
home in the near future. While Dr. !
NEW YORK HAS NEW CHIEF.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
ALBANY, N. Y., Jan. 1. A new
governor took over the administration
of the affairs of the state of New York
today. Alfred E. Smith, democrat, of
New York city, assumed the office
held for four years by Charles S.
Whitman of New York, republican.
EAGLE. THEATER Si
COMPLICATIONS A PLENTY
-IN-
BSS
BAR
R ISC ALPS Latest Play
"THE WHITE LIE"
You could hardly be deceived in a cleverer and more legitimate way, while attempting
to guess the nature of a subject in advance
SEE IT! ITS A PICTURE YOU WILL THOROUGHLY ENJOY
Also LONESOME LUKE COMEDY, in 2 Parts, "HE LOSES PATIENTS"
Admission:
Children, 10c;
Adults, 15c;
This includes War Tax
worked out prior to his arrival, when j tors t0 haTe tnem enter the naturaliza
tion class.
Mr. I'owles is preparing for the use
of the foreigners who are begrnning
the English course, an alphabetically
arrangM vocabulary, containing every
word- used In the new government
book. This will enable teachers to
centralize their efforts in drilling the
students in the use of the language, as
applied to the course.
The first 20 lessons contain familiar
talks on such subjects aa the school
room, the newspaper, members of the
familv. parts of the house, furniture,
vegetables, hay, months, seasons, holi
days, fire protection, vocations, tools,
first steps in naturalization, facts for
declaration of Intention, composition
and letter writing, simple number
work. United States money, practical
problems involving the use of the
ordinary weights and measures, names
and abbreviations of the states and
the making and use of maps, familiar
und easy lessons on the flag and Its
n.eaning and history, thus leading up
to ability intelligently to enter upon
the Ktcry of the United States govern
ment. '
After this week it will benecessary
to alter the program of the beginning
Spanish classes and resume meeting
at 6:30 o'clock on Monday and Wed
nesday evenings, to accommodate a
number who want to take physics and
chemistry as well as Spanish.
The beginning French class meets
on Tuesdays and Thursdays, froir
7:20 to 8:10 o'clock.
The advanced Spanish classes, after
this week, will adhere to the former
hcurs, and te held on Mondays and
Wednesdays, from 7:20 to 8:10 o'clock.
The practical mining classes now
will be held four times a week, from
I and 7 p. m., both on Wednesday
and Thursday.
their Knowledge of English will per- wintcr weather was experienced all of here the C. & A. bend advanced
mn. u m oe wusui u, m.r .... .-jla8t week Melting snow during the : rapidly.
Business Locals
i Central Theater!
LOWELL 'Continuous 1:00 to 11:00 p. m. TODAY
WORLD FILM CORP. Presents the INCOMPARABLE
ROBERT WARWICK in
"Tne Face in tne Moonlight"
Don't Miss It Also The Laugh Maker
BILLY WEST in "A MESSENGER"
IN TWO REELS
Adulis 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
Children' 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to extend our heartfelt
thanks to our many friends and the
lodge members of Moose lodge and
Modern Woodmen for their sympathy
and floral offerings.
561 GEO. EITING AND FAMILY.
ATTENTION, REBEKAHS
Election and installation of officers
will take place at I. O. O. F. hall Fri
day evening, January 3, 1919. All mem
bers of the order urged to be present
EDITH C. BYRNS,
645 Noble Grants.
Warren Camp, .No. 9, W. O. W. An
election of officers will be held at
Medigovich hall, Friday evening, Jan
uary 3, 1919, 7:30 p. m. All members
expected to attend. Pierce Blunt, C. C,
C. N. Thomas. 608
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street. S52
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of AJax
smithing coal. Brophy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 662
NEW-BONE CORSETS
Will call for measurements.
Black S88.
Phone
564
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 98 Mason
RlU, M&son car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
L. L. Oilman sells the New Edison.
The Phonograph With a SouL"
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
The greatest song of all. Be sure
to get a copy of the latest song hit
Muir Music store. 428
Signs.
Painter and Paper Hanging,
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 456.
K. of C.
DANCE
The Knight of Columbus will give
a Dance on Thursday evening, Jan
uary 2, at 8:30 p. m., atK. of C
Hall. Everybody invited. Music by
LONG'8 ORCHESTRA
GOVERNMENT LOSES
VAST FORTUNE
IN RAILROADS
(Continued from Page One)
maintenance of tracks, roadway and
structures cost $521,000,000.
. Most of these figures probably will
be raised 20 per cent by returns for
the last two months.
The reports do not Include small
reads, with less than J1,000,000 rev
enue a year.
Eastern roads In the ten months, re
ported $1,828,000,000 revenues and $1,
551.000,000 expenses; western roads,
$1,349,000,000 revenues and S90.
000.000 expenses, and southern roads,
$642,000,000 revenues and $493,000,000
expenses.
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 TODAY
Do you like a short, snappy Western Picture, with lots
of "pep" ihen see
NEAL HA RT
eating the Limited"
Also beautiful JU ANITA HANSEN and JACK
MULLHALL in the 5th episode of
"THE BRASS BULLETT"
And a famous L-KO Komedy Feature,
' "HER WHIRLWIND WEDDING"
In Two Reels
If you can't laugh at this comedy, something miut be
wrong
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, totad 10c
Balcony 4c, war, tax lc, total 5c
To-Day
ONLY!
o
a,
o
S
o
O
S
V
R
iw
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
THE EVIL INFLUENCE OF
A LIE IS TOLD IN
A 5-Act METRO Screen Drama of LOVE AND
BEAUTIFUL
HIGH PLAY, Starring
ALLISON
Also, 14th Episode of "THE WOMAN AND THE WEB" and the Famous
OUTING CHESTER PICTURES Present
"Zuni Kicking Races"
(A Distinct Novelty)
and for a good laugh
THE BIG "V" COMEDY, "ROOFS AND RIOTS"
2
O
n
13
n
w
9
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
I Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total ....25c f