v -
WEATHER
Tuesday and Wednesday:
"Fairrwarmer north portion
Wednesday.
COPPER PRICE
it mt
The average price of copper
for the week ending Septem
ber 10th is 2Z.125.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 215, 1919.
VOL. 21 NO. 228.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
GALLERIES ROCK
115 SEN. REED TEARS LEAGUE
NATIONS COn
Crowds Hiss Arizona Legislator When He Scolds Them for
Disorderly Outburst; Threats to Put Out Spectators Is of
No Avail; Biggest Demonstration Since Discussion of the
Treaty Is Begun; Women Join in Cheering; Reed's Speech
Occupies Entire Day Session of the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22. At the end of a four-hour
attack on the league of nations by Senator Reed of Mis
souri, a Democrat who has refused to stand with his party
for unreserved ratificatioi of the peace treaty of which the
league covenant is a' part, the senate galleries late today
started a demonstration that had to wear itself out and then
hissed violent disapproval when the cheering was condemned
from the floor.
There had been no outburst like it since the treaty right
was put sharply before the senate by the foreign relations
committee. But there were indications today soon after Sen
ator Reed began his speech, that the crowds swarming for
admittance at all doors, were in sympathy with his argu
ments. Mindful of tHe evidence of feeling in the galleries,
Senator Cummins, president pro tern, gave warning that
while applause might be tolerated, despite senate rules, at
the end of the address, it would not be permitted at ocher
times. Threats to clear the galleries if repeated had no ef
fect and no attempt was made to enforce the long-standing
lule.
When Senator Reed, -with arms lift
ed high, closed hie speech and sat
down the applause broke, followed in
stantly by lusty cheering from every
eallera. M?n In uniform Joined in the
demonstration and many women stood,
waved their arms "wildly .and shouted
with the men.
Senator Ashurst, Democrat, Arizona,
sitting near Senator Reed, and first to
congratulate him, shouted loudly for
orde ra moment later and the crowds,
not knowing what toe expect, suddenly
became still. But the quiet' orderli
ness of the senate did not prevail long
for as the spectators realized that
their conduct was being condemned,
a wave of hissing swept through the
chamber, while gallery guards strug
gled manfully but unsuccessfully to
subdue and eject those responsible for
It Still speaking to the crowds, Sena
tor Ashurst declared the fate of na
tions -was at stake while they were
attempting to make the senate of the
United States a police court, and ap
pealed by name to Senators Lodge and
Hitchcock, the party leaders, to stop
It The Arizona senator declared the
galleries would not applaud a decision
of the highest court, which had never
been called upon to decide a question
of such tremendous importance to the
world.
Kiss Senator Ashurst
The appeal was met with, another
volley of hissing, to which the Arizona
senator replied that only Bnakea and
geese hissed. Meanwhile the chair
was pounding for order and the
crowds began piling out pell mell
while members on the floor were
swarming around Senator Reed. Sena
tor Lodge' finally was recognized
above the hubbub, which so rudely had
shattered the dignity and traditions of
the senate. rand leaning on his desk I
and smiling, addressed the chair: 1
FIRST GAME OFWORLD
ILL BE HELD IN CINCINNATI
CINCINNATI, Sept. 22. Cincin-j
natl. for the first' time in its history
as a National league city, will -on
Wednesday, October 1, witness the
opening game of the series to decide
the championship, of the world be
tween the Cincinnati Reds, winners
of the National league pennant, and
the Chicago White Sox, prospective
winners of the American league pen
nant. Chicago has not yet cinched
the flag In the Junior organization,
but the national commission made its
arrangements on the theory that it
was almost impossible for Cleveland,
the runner-up, to nose out Comiskey's
club. All games are scheduled to
start at 2:30 p. m.
The decision to open the baseball
classic in Cincinnati was decided on
the toss of a coin by Louis Comiskey,
son of the owner of the Chicago club.
August Herrmann, president of the
. Reds, called "heads" and won.
The teams will play the first two
games In this city, and the next three
will be played in Chicago. They then
Jump back to Cincinnati for games
six ani seven. It r?iis is necessary.
nd before the eighth game, which
will be played in Chicago, it will be
decided by lot where the ninth game
should be contested, should the series
stretch out to this length. The sched
ule as arawn cans ror continuous
playing on each day, weather permit
ting. The umpires who will officiate
In the series are William Evans and
WITH APPLAUSE
IT TO
"In order to return to that serene
and calm atmosphere described by the
senator from Arizona, I move that we
adjourn." and there was no dlsBent to
the laughter of "ayes."
Senator Reed, whose speech occu
pied the whole treaty program during
th eday's proceedings, had been speak
ing nearly two hours when the first
applause came. This followed his re
ply to a question by Senator Lodge,
and brought the first stern warning
fim the presiding officer. Senator
Reedr while upnolfllng firmly theTule,
expressed the hope that the senate
would not be too severe on the crowds
because it was their only chance, he
said, of expressing their opinion.
Frequently Interrupted
After he had been Interrupted re
peatedly, Senator Jones, Democrat,
New Mexico, an advocate of the league
covenant. Senator Reed departed wide
ly from" his prepared speech, and it
was while he was talking bluntly that
the spectators voiced approval with
hands and feet. .This was particularly
the case eafter he had declared that
advocates of the league described one
minute as a prize fighter strong
enough to whip anything under the
worlds' canvas and next as a man
with paralyzed arms.
The principal part of the speech was
an argument against the league cove
nant, with a bitter assault on the
clause srlvlng Great Britain six votes
in the league assembly to one for the
United States. President Wilson was
sharply and severely attacked by Sen
ator Reed, who declared he had coun
seled with kings to transfer to them
the sovereiamtv Washington had won
with the sjord.
It was 6 o'clock when Senator Reed
concluded his address and the original
dan to continue rpadlnir tho formal
language of the treaty was abandoned.
I'S SERIES
R.. F. Nellin of tile American league
and Charles Rlgler and E. C. Quigley
of the National league.
J. G. Taylor Spinks of St. Louis will
represent the national commission as
official scorer, while Joseph M. Mc
Cready, secretary of the Baseball
Writers' Association of America, will
represent that organization. These
two officials will work in bofh cities,!
and will be assisted by one member
of the local chapter of the writers'
association in each of the contesting
cities.
It was announced that 23 players
on each club are eligible for the se
ries. They follow:
Chicago: Eddie Cicotte, Eddie Col
lins, John Collins. Urban Faber Os
Jackson, Jos. Jenkins, Wm. James m
Jackson, Jos. Jenkins, Wm. James,
Kerr, Harry Leibold. Grover Lowder
milk, Byrd Lynn. Marvey McClellan,
Fred McMullin J. II. Mayer. Eddie
Murphy, Charles A. Risberg, Ray
Schalk. J. J. Sullivan, George Wea
ver, R. H. Wilkinson and Claude
Williams.
Cincinnati: Nick Allen R. N. Bress
ler, Jacob Daubert, L. B. Duncan.
Ray Fisher, H. O. Eller, Edward F.
Gerner, Harry Groh. Wm. L. Kopf, A
Luque, S. W. Magee, A. R. Mitchell,
A. Earle Neale. Wm. A. Rariden, Mor
ris Rath. James Ring, Ed. Roush, W.
H. Ruether, N. F. Sallee. Charles H.
See. Henry Schreider, James L
Smith and Ivy B. Wingo.
PRES. WILSON
2
PEACE PACTS
Attempts to Show Difference
Between Vienna Congress
and Versailles Conference;
Treaty By People's Servants
RENO, Nev., Sept. 22. Contrasting
the peace conference at Versailles
with the congress of Vienna, Presi
dent Wilson declared In an address
here tonight that the Vienna peace
effort failed because all the govern
ments represented there were in the
hands of a "small coterie, of auto
crats." p -1
At Versailles, said the president, the
league of nations covenant was drawn
up by great democracies so that autoc
racies could enslave the peoples of the
world.
One of the purposes of the Vienna
conferences, Mr. Wilson asserted, was
to form such a union as would hold in
check the growing tide of domcracy.
The chief concern of the delegates
who sat at Versailles, he added, was
to accomplish exactly the opposite.
Speaking in a theater here to a
crowd of about 2000, the president fre
quently was interrupted by applause. t
By an electrical device his words were
carried to three theaters holding 1000
persons each.
In his reference of the conrerenee or
Vienna the president said that the ef
fort there made to stifle revolution
and democracy bad been unsuccessful
in every nation but Germany.
It was the invocation of the Monroe
doctrine that broke the backbone of
autocracy's effort to overwhelm South
America, and added that at Versailles
the cycle of 'liberty had been com
pleted by application of the Monroe
doctrine to the whole world.
Unlike the Vienna congress, con
tinued the president, the conference at
Versailles was made lip of men who
knew they wee rthe seTvant,and,not
the masters of the people. As the
people's servants, he added, they had
carried out their promise of a perma
nent peace. "'
"This treaty was not written, es
sentially Breaking, in Paris." he said.
"It was written at Chateau Thierry, in
Belleau Wood and the Argonne. "
"Our men did not fight with the pur
pose of coming back and having the
same thing happen. They fought with
the purpose of seeing the league
through and we are going to see It
through."
Paying a tribute to the - frontier
spirit of the weBt, the president 6aid
it was at the frontier there" was found
the forward looking people. Too many
who oppose the treaty, he asserted,
were looking over their shoulders. .
Referring to the "insubordinate rest
lessness" prevailing in Europe and
Asia. Mr. Wilson asserted that the
world not only desired peace, but must
have it. America, only, he said, could
guarantee such a peace. Asking his
heaers whether they had not heard of
organizations In America "the purpose
of which is nothing less than to over
turn the government Itself," he added
that It was Important to America also
that unrest be eliminated.
Riotine: Follows 1
TelepKone SfriEe
DRUMRIGHT. Okla.. Sept. 22. A1
mob took control of Drumright late
tonight following a demonstration In
connection with a strike of telephone
operators, during which eight mem
bers or the police force were driven
from the town and the chief of police
disarmed and threatened with death
unless he resigned his office. Three
vouner women operators who refused
to Join the strike are held prisoners
at the telephone company's plant by
the mob. .
The trouble is said to have been the
outcome of the blubblmr of a picket by
a policeman this morning
Andrew Martin, Commander of
State, Will Be in Charge of
Meeting; Big Dance at War
ren Park Scheduled Friday
The attention of ex-service men,
without regard to fhelr membership
in the organization, is called to the
meeting of the American Legion on
Thursday evening In Maze hall, where
Andrew Martin, state commander,
will' conduct a rally for the local
branch. Speeches, smokes and mu
sic will be included In the program.
The state adjutant Is also expected
to attend.
The Legion will also give a dance
at Warren park on Friday evening,
for which tickets are on sale today.
CONTRASTS
Ric rai i v rnn
iu u nil i i i iiii
SOCIAL LEGION
SUPERVISORS
HOLD MEETING
I N PHOENIX
PHOENDC, Ariz., Sept. 22. Every
county in Arizona, with the exception
of Yuma, was represented today at
the first annual meeting of the Su
pervisors' association of Arizona, for
which the foundation was laid last
summer at the tax conference at
Grand Canyon.
The forenoon of the first day's ses
sion was largely devoted to a discus
sion of road matters, particularly the
handling of the 75 per cent road ta
fund of the state.
During the discussion of this mat
ter the attorney general, Wille E.
Jones, was called on for an opinion,
first as to who could spend this
money, and later as to the separate
power of the boards of supervisors
and the state engineer.
Jones ruled that the fund must be
expended by the "joint action of the
board of 'supervisors and the state
engineer." Asked then if either the
boards or the state engineer could
spend this fund without the consent
of the other party, he replied, "the
law does not so provide."
Later the question was put by one
of the Cochise delegation asy to
whether the board of three supervi
sors of a .county and the state engi
neer did not constitute a board for
the expenditure of the fund, a majority
of which could act and the attor
ney general again ruled that the su
pervisorswere acting as the agents
for the county, and the state engineer
for the state, in such road expendi
tures, and were to all intents and
purposes of equal importance in the
matter.
State Engineer Thomas Maddock
presented data at various times dur
ing the discussion, and also presented
to the delegation from each county
a comprehensive resume of the pro
gram of highway building now under
way and planned for the near future.
Six Million Available.
This data showed that, including
the special appropriations, the state
road tax,' automobile tax money,
prison . labor fund, -federal emergency
funds, federal aid funds, federal
equipment and county contingent
funds, that there is a total sum or
$6,170,224 available for road con
struction In Arizona. A questionnav-t,
was included, asking the various
boards of supervisors a series of que
tlons on policies. Among the ques
tions aked were:
j What road in your opinion should
receive preferred consideration for
25 per cent expenditure? (This fund
controlled by the state engineer.)
Do you approve the expenditure
of this fund on through routes?
Are you in favor of state and coun
ties doing highway work "by contract
or day labor?
Have the state highway department
employes been unsatisfactory to your
community, and why?
Questions and answers flew thick
and fast between the state engineer
and Chairman C. ' M. Roberts, and
others present during part of the
morning session. Maddock stated
that federal aid projects were being
held up by the failure of the board
of supervisors In Colhlse county to
of supervisors in Cochise county to
money to be matched by federal aid.
Roberts asked if the signing of this
preliminary agreement would not take
all power for further action from
the board, to which Maddock an
swered : "Absolutely not," and thet
explained that to set the money aside
had nothing whatever to do with ap
proving plans, letting bids or inspect
ing construction.
In the matter of the distribution of
federal trucks to the counties, Mad
dock stated that it would be impos
sible unless the distribution was con
tinued, the United States attorney
general having ruled that no more
Bhould be sent but unless a more spe
cific law was passed. The highway
department, he said, had expected 400
trucks, of which they needed 200, and
intended to distribute the rest, but
had received but 62 so far. He has
hopes, however, of securing enough
to distribute to the counties for strict
ly federal aid work.
No Repairs Allowed.
W-JT. Moore, highway engineer for
the federal bureau of post roads, ex
plained the operation of the federal
aid road law in great detail. Asked
if roads already constructed could
receive federal aid, he replied "no."
To the Question as to whether federal
aid could be secured for reconstruc
tion he "said "possibly, but repairs
were not considered a reconstruc
tion." Tn the afternoon session the com
mittee on resolutions brought In their
findings, which were adopted. The
Important point in them was that
the supervisors' association regards
itselt as the logical body to suggest
to the legislature legislative changes
and enactments. Many of the super,
visors present brought np a number
of changes suggested for consider
Hon by the next legislature.
Among these were provisions pro
posed for putting the control of the
county tax funds entirely tn the hands
of the supervisors, the repeal 'of the
provision that the board may not
spend more than $100 In a day with
out advertisingi
HISSIONER
DEPENDS CIVIL
SERVICE BDAF
George R. Whales, Testifying
Before Senate Post Office
Committee, Says No Undue
Influence Was Contemplated
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22. George
R. Wales, of the civil service com
mission,today told the senate post
office eub-committee, considering
contested postmaster nominations,
that the postoffice department had
not endeavored to eiefl anjfc undue
influence upon the commission.
"Since I have been a member of
the commission," Mr. Walejj said, "I
have seen nothing and heard nothing
that would prove any foundation for
such a charge."
Wales, who said he was a Repub
lican, also defended the commission's
action in changing ratings in a civil
service examination, so that Robert
T. Wade, Democrat, was allowed a
percentage higher than that of Cleve
land Willis, Republican, for the post
mastership at Moorehead City, N. C,
the commissioner declaring there is
nothing in this case that "approxi
mates anything wrong."
H. A. Hesse, chief of the commis
sion's examination division, and R.
W. Kumbler. an examiner employed
by the commission, told the commis
sion that a message in percentage
for business experience had been
made in the original examination for
the' Moorehead City position and that
the change made by fommiaslon was
warranted.
When the committee adjourned.
Senator McKellar, Democrat, Tennes
see, said that in view of charges made
by" several -witnesses of "pernicious
activity," upon the part of the post
master general relative to the civil
commission, Mr. Burleson should be
given an opportunity to appear.
ADVOCATED BT
fi
Washington Sent. 22. America's
future military policy as advocated to
day before the house military com"
mittee by Major General J. W. Mc-
AnHrou- rhtef nt staff nf th A. E. E
throughout the war, should call for
'npace on the Pacific on our owii
forma " This h said can be assured
by control of the Panama canal and
the Hawaiian islands.
Althnue-h Opnoral McAndrew told
the committee he was "loath to dis
agree with the general staff, he took
latum with its reorganization nlan on
the basis of an army of 509,000 men,
proposing Instead a force of 300.000
at the utmost. While joining with
V.C, con or n 1 ct off in advocating uni
versal training for 19-year-old youths.
General McAndrew disagreed witn ua
proposed three month period of train
ing, declaring it was "Inadequate"
and should be at least six months,
riftnpral McAndrew recommended
ihat th skeleton of 21 divisions, a
field army of 1,250,000 men, as pro
posed by the general start De ap
nrnvBii hat he suggested that these
divisions, with the exception of four,
be skeletonized to six or seven tnou
sand men. Instead of a larger number
as proposed by the war department.
He also agreed with the department
plan for a "top heavy" officers' per
sonnel, explaining these were needed
for universal,, training, and. even If
such a system were not adopted,
their retention ' would be advisable
for quick enlargement of the army
In an emeregncy.
The peace time army of 300.000
men. he said, should be distributed
with one 'complete division at tne
Panama canal, another at Hawaii, an
other with additional troops ' if nec
essary, along the Mexican border;
small forces in the Philippines and
Alaska, and the remainder at horn
for coast defense and training.
"By all means." he asserted, "we
must safeguard Hawaii. ItB loss in
time of war would put Japan or any
combinations of powers on the flank
of our "communications to Asia and
the Philippines. It is likely that in
any war in the Pacific we might n
at first have the preponderance of
naval strength, and .the army must
maintain the islands until reinforce
ments are brought from the Atlantic
fleet by way of the Panama canal.
With one division and the shore bat
teries we could keep a navy off for
some time, because of the few land
ing places."
AUSTRALIANS WIN
ST. LOUTS. Sept. 22. Ronald
Thompson, and Randolbp Lycett. Aus
Jooties and Ted Drews of St. Louis,
central states champions; in an exhi
bition match today 6-1. 2-6. 6-1. The
matches and one single tommorw be
fore leaving for further exhibition at
Dal'ie, Texas.
ANDREW
STEEL STRIKE IS
SAYS HALE MILLION IN ND1 OUT
BOARD BOTH SIDES CUING VICTORY; RIC
United States Steel Corporation Plant Declares Majority of
Plants Are in Operation; Pueblo Iron Co. Works Deserted
My 6.000 Employes Without Disorder; Pittsburgh's Big
gest Furnaces Said to Be Fully Manned; Men Walk Streets
PITTSBURGH, Sept. 22. At the beginning of the op
ening day of economic war between organized labor and the
greater part of the iron and steel industry of the country,
both sides rested last night, apparently satisfied with reports
received from the far-flung battle line reaching inti 20 states
and directly or indirectly half a million workers.
n After the first test of strength, industrial leaders and
commanders of labor's legions were willing to admit that
they faced a struggle which might prove long and bitter.
Grim evidence of preparations made for the industrial con
flict was seen in the armed guards surrounding the mills,
buthefirst day of the strike ended with no signs of serious
disorder, except in Newcastle, Pa., where seven persons were
shot in rioting following an alleged attempt to prevent work
ers from entering a plant.
Until the first smoke of battle rolls away, an accurate
estimate of the number of workers who marched out in
obedience to the strike order and the number who remained
at their posts will not be obtained.
From strike headquarters in Pittsburgh come claims
that 284,000 men had taken their places in the ranks of the
strikers, but although no statement was forthcoming from
the steel corporation's headquarters in New York, company
ornciais m the zone of action
iimate or labor leaders.
The steel corporation against
which the main offensive is directed,
was able to operate most of its plants
in the Pittsburgh district, according
to company officials. In the Chicago
steel center, some of the largest
plants were forced to close down,
but others operated, on. a reduced
scale. " " ' ........
Itwas In the Mahoning valley that
the strikers seemed to make the most
headway.for with three large mills
in the Youngstown district shut down
and others running only part capac
ity, the steel producing industry in
that section was reported to be fast
approaching general paralysis.
In the Cleveland district, too,, the
strikers apparently made a successful
attack. Only four of the 20 plants
were in operation, and according to
labor leaders, v 19,000 men are af
fected. Telegraph wires leading into head
quarters of both capital and laboi
were kept warm, as report followed
report on .conditions at 145 plants af-i
rected by the strike order. As it be
came evident that neither the corpo
ration had been able to keep all its
plants in operation nor the strikers
had been able to produce a complete
tieup of the industry, leaders began
to settle down to a prospect of a
long fight. In this connection It was
said an important conference of la
bor chiefs will be held tomorrow,
when it is understood the question o,
financing the strike will be consid
ered. Officers of the Carnegie company,
the steel company's largest subsid
iary in Pittsburgh, claimed that, al
though their forces had been depleted
by desertions, they had been able to
reorganize their workers so as to keep
11 - m .1 r . . ... ..
an in me important muis operating
at almost 100 per cent. This brought
emphatic denial from the labor camp.
Steel officials admitted that in
some cases blast furnaces, which the
said they always had regarded a
their most vulnerable spot, had been
badly crippled.
Pueblo Affected.
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept. 22. Night
VILLA UPBRAIDS G
FESTD
Washington. Sept. 22. Francisco
Villa, "general in chief" of the revo
lutionary forces in Mexico, in a "man
ifesto for the nation," a copy of which
has just reached Washington, as
sailed President Carranza as a "trai
tor" and calls upon Mexicans to join
him in a new campaign against the
regime of Carranza. This manifesto,
which is dated Encampmento in Du
rango, begins:
"To the large number of crimes
against the democratic regime,
against the tranquility of the counrrj
and against- the security and welfare
of its inhabitants, Carranza has only
now added a new offense against the
dignity and sovereignty of Mexico.
This new offense consists in permit
ting American troops to. cross the
border into Juarez last June, for
which Villa blames Carranza and
General Francisco Gonzales.
"Gonzales was so slow," the mani
festo says, "that when the eity ot
Juarez was occupied by a foreiga
INI
STARTED: LABOR
hastened to challenge th
ie es-
time came in Pueblo without a single
disorder taking place in connection
with the walkout early this morning
of the 6000 employes of the Minne
qua plant of the Colorado . Fuel and.
Iron company. The steel company
has not increased its force of guards,
the police department .has aJiled but
one or two men to ita force; the labor
leaders declare there will be no dis
orders from their standpoint, and
with the exception of the lack of
smoke in the steel works district and
the large number of steel workers
dressed in their best clothes visiting
the business district, taking in the
aters and sideshows that are here
In connection with the 6tate fair, no
one would realize that there was a
strike of 6000 men at the steel works.
President J. F. Welhorn. General
Manager TScKennan and Manager F.
E. Parks of the Colorado Fuel aud
Iron company, were at the steel works
gate at 5 o'clock this morning to as
certain the effect of the strike call.
They bade goodbye to hundreds of
the men whom they personally 'knew,
and others whom they did not per
sonally know, and a few hours later
announced that not enough men had
reported for duty to operate the plant
and that therefore the furnaces would
be banked and work suspended un
til such time as the men should de
cide to return to work.
30 Days Granted.
PUEBLO. Colo., Sept. 30. A strike
of 600 employes of the Pueblo plant
of the American Smelting and Itefii
ing company within 30 days is immi
nent. A committee of the employes
of the plant waited on Superinteno
ent George A. Marsh today and asked
for improved working conditions and
increase In salaries.
The men asked a raise of
50 percent all the way round, recog
nition of their union, elimination of
contract labor, bonus system and e
tra pay schemes, as well as several
otherminor concessions on the part
of, the company. Superintendent
Marsh asked the committee to give
him 30 days in which to take action
and this time was granted.
ARRANZA IN HIS
FOR TIE
force, he asked, in the most servile
manner, permission to re-enter the
city, defense of which had been con
fided to his military honor, and now
he has the effrontery to say that it
was his troops that defeated us."
"The Mexican people will continue
their fight until a definite triumph
is reached to secure their rights. The
entire nation realizes the deceit of
which it has been the victim, and
that, Carranza has alone managed to
gain power by the material assistance
given by President Wilson, permit
ting Carranza to pass troops through
American territory during the Sonora
fight, with the exclusive object ot
aiding him as a candidate in the
presidential election.
"There need be no fear of repricals
on our part," the manifesto continues,
"against honorable Americans who
live in this country, as we will not
allow the results of the fault or error
of a ruler or his subalterns to fall
upon, the ianoetats."
NATION FAGE TWO
THE BISBEE D'AXEY REVIEW
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919.
Y. W.G, A. PLANS
IT
SCHOOL HERE
0P0
I
PIONEER BISBEE
DENTIST IS DEAD
Night Classes for Every One
Who Desires to Advance to
Be Started Soon; Organizer
Here From Northern . Part
Bisbee is to have an "Opportunity
School," a school for any "person
regularly employed and over 14 years
of age." This includes the housewife,
who is without doubt one of the most
regularly employed persons in any
community.
As Bisbee now has a splendid cui
riculum in active operation in the
niirht etVitrtla ' It fa nrfthahi thnt thft
number of studies taught will be in-! trict for ia years, during which time
creased and included in the day pro- he had entered largely into the civic
...om tho rr.nr.rtnitv Korw Th I and social activities of Bisbee and
Dr. Craig, Former Member of
Legislature, and for Eleven
Years Resident of This City,
Victim of Breakdown
Dr. George D. Craig, former mem
ber of the . legislature, in which he
served two terms, who had beeu
practicing dentistry in Bisbee for 11
years, died yesterday morning at the
residence of his orother-m-law, John
V. PeUy, in Quarry canyon. ; Death
was due to a general breakdown: He
was 40 years of age. . ?
Dr. Craig had been for some time
under medical care in a sanitarium
at Denver, returning to this city
about three and one-half months ago
He was a resident of the Warren dis-
CITY RECEIVES
PREMIUM CHECK
FOR INSURANCE
The city treasurer was in receipt
yesterday of a check from Harry S.
Ross, state treasurer, for $895.61, In
payment of the amount due to the
city from fire insurance premiums,
as provided In the state insurance
code. According to the law, 60 pei
I cent of the money collected from fire
insurance companies as premiums
upon property within the corporate
limits of cities of a population o
3000 or more shall be paid by the
state treasurer to these cities as
fire protection fund and to provide
for injured and disabled firemen.
The total premiums collected dur
ing 1918 In Arizona by inaurante com
panies doing business in this statu
was $4,132,625.84. Of this anouni,
$61,618,878.40 was life Insurance; $1,-
75T.249.98, fire and $756,807.49 mis
cellaneous.
The cities with SOW population or
more and the amounts received by
each are as follows:
Bisbee $895.61; Clifton. $327.63;
Douglas, $666.60; Flagstaff, $352.43;
Globe, $646.24; Hayden, I18.Z3; Je
rome, $452.02; Miami, i503.i; mo
renci, $151.91; Nogales, $571.57;
Phoenix, $2,337.96; Prescott, $539.50;
Tucson, $1,001.66; Winslow, $121.47;
Yuma $458.13; total. $9,044.62.
day classes afford just the oppor
tunity that busy mothers with little
folks have been looking for, to take
up work in dressmaking, millinery,
cooking or kindred subjects.
r-l V C ...ill Kn ha t iVtk
M Clim u kV- V t. fcT w VZf t Ix9 Angeles, and three sisters.
? "Jto in thu . c.BNorris woodland. Calif.;
school. Au opportune time tor both Vki. u-i.. r.ir
and Mrs. J. V. : Petty, this city, and
had accumulated a host of friends. .
He was a member of the Elks ah j
Moose lodges., He is survived by his
wife. Mrs. Ora Craig, his father, W.
P. Craig, two brothers, J. H. .Craig
of Woodland, Calif., and A. F. Craig
the clerk and the store which em
ploys him will be' arranged and lec
tuied, discussions and demonstrations
will be held. This course in the gen
eral principles of salesmanship will
be given by a teacher versed in- ac
tual, practical salesmanship, and is
almost invaluable to persons engaged
In selling. Experience of teacheiu
has shown that the general efficiency
of salesmen taking this course ha
been so greatly augmented that they
ora almost rprtfiin Of DfOmOtion Snu
increased salary. This is also true of!
students taklner the other lines of1
vocational work.
Prof. Philbrook is especially en
thusiastic over the work of the Op
portunity Schools or Efficiency
Snhnnia no thpv are often desienafeci
an.aunt, Mrs. Helen C. Davis. of, Santa
Cruz, Calif. "
Funera arrangements are ..under
the .direction of the Palace Undertaking"-
establishment,' and the ser
vices, will be conducted, by" the 16cal
lodge of Elks, The' date has not beeu
announced. . '. .:,
Vagrant Draws Fine
-
and Jail Sentence
Convicted of vagrancy, William
i Christian, known to the - "police as
Billy the Hophead," was sentenced
RHEUMATISM
PreventedHIm
Himself.
Using Arms to Feed
Recommend 40.
Augusta, Ga,, May 20, 1919. ''I suf
fered with rheumatism and indiges
tion and at times could sot use my
arms to 'feed myself. I tried every
remedy I heard of with only tempo
rary relief. I was . advised to try
Number 40 For the Blood, which
did with splendid results. While
am trot entirely well I feel like
differeift" man and expect to continue
Number 40. believing it win cure me
I have told , several , of my friends pt
40, which they ate taking with great
results. I. cheerfully recommend No.
40 to. anyone , suffering frotn any
blobd or stomach trouble." Wesley
Aoyal.' Witness' to signature,' J. M
Haynie. Made by J." C. MendenhalL,
Evansville, 40 years a druggist. Soiu
by Lowell ' Drug Co. ' ana Central
Pharmacy. Adv.
i a! T f . y- rrt fAP tha Tl7 OCT.'
'llBeeasi; r nrtl yesterday by Judge Hogan to pay a
5 Ir"'-J?t&-1to of $100 and spend 60 days in
parttinie, schools in the t United j Christian wa3 kri.ested and found
States. ; guilty of gambling several days ago
Opportunity Schools have been and( . ' afterward charged , with va
are being opened in several of the - v . ... . ......
cities of Arizona. Mrs. Etta Gifford srancr- . - .-
Young of Phoenix, working under the
deDartment of vocational education
as organizer, who is in the city lo
cated at the Y. W. C A., with a desa
at the Central school. Mrs. Youns f
says the idea has been received with
much enthusiasm, for Arizonans are
nothing if not progressive. She asks
the hearty support of the various
clubs of women, the "Y's," the cham
ber of commerce and other organiza
tions.. This is a community project.1
It means free education at any time,,
along any line, for anybody." : .
. Let us bid on that next printing
Job with you. We can save you mon
U. Phone 39. Review. . -
ANNOUNCEMENT
: .' We- wish to announce to the
' public that we have opened a
first class painting, decorating
and wallpaper establishment in
this city. Painting in all its
branches. Estimates furnished
upon request on large or small
contracts. Workmanship and
material the very best. We so
licit your patronage. We thank
ydn.
M ALLOY & FARNUM
Contracting Painters
Phone 750 Bisbee and Phil.
Gambler Sentenced
To 30 Days in Jailj
The seven men who weer arrested (
several days ago in a raid on thei
New club and convicted of gambling1
were given sentences yesterday by!
Judge Hogan ranging from $100 and.
10 days in jail to a sentence of $150;
and 30 days in jail for Ray Jones,
who was charged with maintaining!
the resort. The .sentence of-Antonio i
Abarro was suspended during good -
behavior. 1
Notice of appeal was given in th6
cases of all the others who were con
victed. They were Said Tabet. D.
Piria, Frank Morales, George Smith
and Felix Rodriguez.
TUESDAY SPECIALS
1 vi f P Vft VI VI ft
Two Charged With
Operating Still
J.W. Marlow and John Doe Sebrlng
were arrested Saturday night in the
northern part of the county for con
ducting a' still. Five . gallons of li
quor were secured as evidence by the
arresting officers, Jess 'Moore ano
Hud Kelly, deputy , sheriffs. MarTow
and SeBring have been placed in jail.
at Wilcox, where they are awaiting
the federal officers, in whose jurls-
diction the ease falls.
CosttimeVeIvetjyd
An Extra Good Value
Unquestionably n of the most deferable .material far street wear to
be had, off red at a price much !iwer than it would be if these
goods tod been recently purchtaed. ...
The width is 36 inches in a beautiful .soft finish, correct weight
for 'suits fnd coats in . a range of beautiful fall colorings.
, Special .. - - - .......$4.50 yard
54 inch French
Serges, $3.50 yd.
Worth Almost Double
French Serges One must bow
down their leadership;- full 54
inches wide - in a beautiful all
wool finish. These Serges were
bought months ago and could not
be bought wholesale today at al
most double the price: In black,-,
navy, royal and midnight blue, v
Special Tuesday $3.50 yd.-
A Tuesday Clear
ance ofPrettyVoile
Waists $ J QC
$2.50 Vatoe for JL mZiJ
A : beautiful assortment of white
and .colored voile : waists wen
made in lace trimmed, tucked and
embroidered styles; our regular
$2.60 value, and a remarkably
good value at that price. All sizes.
Tuesday .. $1.95
- , nil '" r T
VAGRANTS HELD,
For operating a car while under tht.
influence of liquor. Charles Ruther
ford was fined $100 in Judge Win
ter's court at Lowell yesterday.
A. B. Phillips and Tony Grahek
were held in Lowell yesterday for
vagrancy it being charged that thy
had been in the town, unemployed,
for some time past.
CONTEMPT CHARGE.
Frank Feale was served with pa
pers her yesterday from Judge Mc
Allister of Graham county ordering
him to appear to show why he should
not be sentenced for contempt of
court.
According to the police, Beale, who
has been divorced for a year, has
failed to carry out the court order
regarding the maintenance of his
children.
UNDER ADVISEMENT.
The case against D. L. Dellaha and
Mrs. Ida May McCamly, who were ar
rested several days ago in a hotel on
information furnished by- Mrs. Mc
Camly's husband, waa taken unde
advisement yesterday by Judge Ho
gan until lO; o'clock this morning,
at which time both defendants are
ordered to be present.
For Job work that la right Phone 39,
Review.
Itching, Scratching, Skin Diseases
That Burn Like Flames of Fire
Here Is a Sensible Treatment
Thai Gets Prompt Results.
Eczema and similar skin troubles
come from a disordered, impure
condition of the blood, and they
can only be cured by giving the
blood a thorough cleansing, and
removing from it all traces of im
purity. This is why S. S. S. has been
used so successfully in hundreds of
cases of Eczema and other skin
eruptions. This wonderful remedy
is one of the oldest and most re
liable medicines on the market. It
has been sold by druggists for fifty
years. Get a bottle today and be
gin treatment that will get results.
You are invited -to -write to-day
for complete and full advice as to
the treatment of vour own case.
Address. Chief Medical Adviser,
Swift Specific Co., Dept. 52, At
lanta, Ga.
Sure
Relief
6 Bell-ans
Hot water
Sure Relief
,E LL-AWS
FOR INDIGESTION
CAN TUBERCULOSIS BE CURED?
Dr. Glass has posi
tive proof he is able
to cure Tuberculosis
by inhalation in any
climated.
For further lnfor
mation address T.
F. GLASS INHA
LENT CO, 20 E.
JACKSON BLVD.,
CHICAGO.
(Formerly of I db Angetes, Cal.)
l "I rVVjrlrS ZCSI I
I .
- Over thirty-five years ago two far-seeing men es-'.
tablished in Oakland, California, The Paraffine Paint
Company the parent of The Paraffine Companies,
Inc. They had discovered that "black paraffine," as as
phalt was then called, could, be made into an excellent
preservative paint. With that same broad vision which
was the outstanding quality of the early Pioneers,.
Pierce and Beardsley, a chemist arid an oil expert,
planted the seed of a tremendous industry.
One of the Great Industries of the West .
Today The Paraffine Companies, Inc., has grown
into an institution which has made "P & B' and Pabco
Products names known throughout the world.
. Fourteen large plants have been welded into a single
organization which ranks among the greatest indus
tries of the Pacific Coast.
High Sludlity Built Into Pabco Products
. From raw materials to finished products the process .
of manufacturing is contained within the one organi
zation. This enables The Paraffine Companies, Inc., to
watch every process with the greatest care in order to
see that Only the highest quality is built into every
thing that goes forth as a Pabco Product.
"Ru-ber-oid" and "Malthoid"
Worldwide Names
Whoever has had anything to do with building con
struction knows that The Paraffine Companies' Ru-ber-oid
and Malthoid Roofings, two of the most widely
known of the Pabco Products, are the recognized
standards for ready roofing. T
All materials which go into their manufacture are gathered
bf the Company. Refineries are operated to produce the asphalt
tnd associated products ; rags and other materials of which the
felt is made are gathered together from all parts of the world.
Then, in one of the largest and finest equipped plants in the
world, under the constant supervision of experts, Ru-ber-oid
tnd Malthoid Roofings are produced.
Known Throughout the World
Ru-ber-oid and Malthoid are shipped to many parts of the
world. Sheer merit has built their reputation wherever build
ng goes on. They have become the standard of ready roofing
on the Pacific Coast, in South America, in the Orient, In Aus
tralasia, in India, in South Africa.
With the constant growth of The Paraffine Companies, Inc.,
the highest standard of quality has-always been maintained.
Completely equipped laboratories keep constant watch Over
raw materials'. Longexperience and complete facilities have
enabled the Company to turn out products exactly suited to
every climatic or other condition.
-his Organization is at Your Service
The advice and help of The Paraffine Companies' engineers
and chemists are always at the service of those interested. Con
sult us freely.
THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES, INC
San Francisco
TORT AHOELgg .WAS H I WOTON .PLANT
. - ANTIOCM .CM.lfORKlA P1mt
( ,- "ttlxi;----"-
' ''if 3 i
Iffy rlSoJ
LOS ANGELES . CAttrpgtttA PI ANT
-- jejrv -
I TBo jjr
PABCO Y
yAPBODUCTs v
j Roofings 1 (
2 t) I
Th. abarm illu.tr.tionm
ahowm fmw of oar pltnt.
t
Mm
READY ROOFINGS
Roofings
Felts
Building Papers
Waterproofing
Materials
Wall-Board
Floor Qovering
Industrial Paints
Box Board .
Paper Boxes .
Fibre Containers
5 TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919.
THE BISBEE BAIT Y REVIEW
PAGE THREE T
ORDINANCE NO. 226.
AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED, "AN
ORDINANCE REGULATING TRAV
EL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE
PUBLIC STREETS OF THE CITY
OF BISBEE, ARIZONA."
BE IT ORDAINED by the Common
Council of the City or Bisbee, Arizona,
as follows:
TERMS DEFINED
Section 1. The following terms,
whenever used in this Ordinance, ex
cept as otherwise specifically indicat
ed, Bhall be deemed to have and shall
be held to Include each of the mean
ings respectively set forth In this sec
tion, and any such term used in the
singular number shall be held to in
clude the plural.
STREETS: lEvenr avenue, boule
vard, highway, roadway, lane, alley,
trip, path, square or place used or
laid out for the use or vehicles.
CURB: The lateral boundaries of
that portion of a street designated or
Intended for the use of vehicles,
whether marked by curbing construct
ed of stone, cement, concrete or other
material, or not so marked.
VEHICLE: Every wagon, hack,
coach, carriage, omnibus, pushcart,
bicycle, tricycle, motorcycle, automo
bile, street car or other conveyance,
'habr carriages. In whatever
manner or by whatever force or power
the same may be driven, ridden or pro
pelled, which is or may he used for or
adapted to pleasure riding or the
transportation of passengers, baggage,
merchandise or freight upon any
street; and every draft or riding ani
mal, whether driven, ridden or led,
provided, that an animal or animals
attached to any vehicle shall, with
such vehicle, constitute one vehicle.
, CONGESTED DISTRICT
oaii omTiTarn thoflft certain streets
UJCfc - kw .-w
and portions of streets in the city of
Bisbee, described as rouows, viz.
Howell Avenue, beginning at its in
tersection with(the west line of Brew
ery Gulch, thence In a westerly direc
tion to the Y. W. C. A. building;
thence around the north side of said
building to Shearer avenue; thence
southerly along Shearer avenue to its
Intersection with Subway street. Also
Main Street, beginning at the west
property line of the Masonic Temple,
thenoe along Main Street in an east
erly direction to its intersection with
Lower Main Street (R. R. Ave.) thence
'along Lower Main Street (R. R..Ave.)
to its intersection with Brewery
Gulch; thence along naco Road to the
east property line of the new Cochise
County jail; also all of what is known
as Brewery Gulch beginning at its
intersection with Lower Main Street
(R. R. Ave.) 'and Naco Road running
i nnrtTiarl- direction to the south
line of the building used by the Hen
derson Watkins . Lumber company,
also what is known as Subway Street
and Review Alley.
Section 2. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or in charge of any ve
hicle in or upon any street, within the
City of Bisbee. shall ride, drive or
propel such vehicle upon such street
in a careful manner and with due re
gard for the safety and convenience of
pedestrians ' and ' all other vehicles
upon such street.
Any driver of any vehicle being
driven on the public streets in a reck
less or dangerous manner is guilty of
a misdemeanor, notwithstanding the
said vehicle was not exceeding the
speed limit.
TURNING TO RIGHT
Section 8." Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, . upon meeting any other ve
hicle at any place upon any street
within the City of Bisbee. shall turn
to the right, and on all occasions when
It is practicable so to do, shall travel
on the right; side of such street, and
as near the right hand curb thereof as
practicable.
PASSING TO LEFT
Sction 4. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or In charge of any
vehicle, shall, In overtaking and pass
ing any other vehicle in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee. pass
to the left of such vehicle, and the
person in charge of such vehicle
being so overtaken and passed shall
swing to the right whenever practic
able. '- CHANGING COURSE ' ,
Section 8. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street in the
City of Bisbee, shall, before turning,
stopping or changing the course of
such vehicle, first see that, there is
sufficient space for such movement to
be made In safety, and shall give the
regulation visible signal to persons In
charge of vehicle behind the vehlole
so turning, stopping or changing Its
course, of his Intention to make such
movement.
Section 6. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or to charge of any ve
hicle In or upon any street within the
City of Bisbee in turning to the right
Into another street, shall turn the cor
ner as near the right curb as possible.
Every person riding, driving, propell
Irtsr or in chartre of any vehicl in the
City of Bisbee turning to the rieht
from one street Into another street
shall have the right of way over ve
hicles traveling in the direction In
which such .vehicle is turning; and
every person riding, driving, propell
ing or in charge of any vehicle travel
ing In the direction In which such ve
hicle is turning shall allow such right
of way to such vehicle so turning.
TURNING AT INTERSECTION
Section 7. Every person riding, drlv
Inr. propelling or In charge of any ve
hicle In or upon any street within the
City of Bisbee, shall, in turning to the
left. Into another street, pass to the
right of and beyond the center of the
street intersection before turning.
Every person riding, driving, . pro
pelling or in charge of any vehicle in
the City of Eisbee turning to the left
from one street Into another street
shall allow the right of way to vehicles
traveling in the direction In which
such vehicle 13 turning, and every per
son riding, driving, propelling or in
charge of any vehicle traveling in the
direction in which such vehicle Is turn
ing shall have the right of way over
such vehicle so turning.
Section 8. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or in charge of any ve
hicle, crossing from one side of any
street to the other side thereof, shall
make such crossing by turning to the
left so as to be constantly upon the
right hand side of such street with re
lation to the direction in which such
vehicle is headed.
Provided ; that in the congested dis
trict no vehicles shall be allowed to
so cross from one side of a certain
street to the other, unless such cross
ing la effected by such vehicle going
beyond and around the center of a
street intersection.
STOPPING NEAR CURB
Section 9. It shall b unlawful for
any person riding, driving. : propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop
the same, or to cause the same to be
stopped In or upon any street, in the
congested district of the City of Bis
bee, with the left side of such vehicle
toward or along or next to the curb.
Section 10. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to cause the same to be stop
ped In or upon any street within the
congested district in the City of Bis
bee, unless every point on the side of
such vehicle nearest the curb Is within
one foot of such curb; provided, how
ever, that the provisions' of this sec
tion shall' not apply in case of emer
gency, or when su?h stop is made for
the purpose of allowing another ve
hicle or a street car or interurban car
or pedestrian to pass in front of such
vehicle so stopped.
APPROACHING STREET CARS
Section 11. In approaching or pass
ing a street oar of a street railway
which has been stopped or la stopping
to allow passengers to alight-jor em
bark, the operator of every motor ve
hicle going in the same direction as or
opposite to said car shall bring' such
vehicle to t a full stop fifteen feet
away from entrance of said street car
and shall not start such vehicle until
all passengers have entered said car,
or have left said car and reached the
sidewalk. .-::...
Section 11 (a). It shall be unlawful
to drive, ride, propel or cause or per
mit to be ridden, driven or propelled,
any motor vehicle In said City unless
the same be equipped with an ade
quate warning device, which must be
operated when such vehicle is about to
cross any place where conditions are
hazardous for other vehicles, property
or persons in that vicinity.
POSITION WHIL3C STANDING
Section 12: It shall be unlawful for
any person, riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle in or upon
any street within the congested dis
trict of the City of Bisbee, 'to allow
such vehicle to remain backed up to
the curb, excepting when such vehicle
Is being actually loaded or unloaded.
Section 13. It shall be unlawful for
any driver, owner, or operator of any
automobile, motorcycle, or other ve
hicle to permit or allow such vehicle
to stand . at right angles or approxi
mately so with the curb line upon any
public street of the City of Bisbee,
with the front of Bald machine or ve
hicle toward the curb, or sidewalk line
of such street.
Section 14. Vehicles in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee, upon
approaching an Intersecting road or
street shall be under control by the
operators thereof, so -s to permit the
vehicle on the right of the vehicle ap
proaching to first cross such intersect
ing road or street
Section IS. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride, drive or 'propel or
cause to be ridden, driven or propell
ed In, along or upon any street within
the con crested district any vehicle In
a backward direction. If by doing so,
the free and uninterrupted passage ot
another vehicle or of any Btreet car IB
impeded. If it should be necessary for
any vehicle to be ridden, driven or pro
pelled In a backward direction the
same shall be done fn a slow and care
ful manner.-.
FIRE. POLICE AND HOSPITAL
APPARATUS
Section 16. The officers and firemen
of the Fire Department and their ap
paratus of all kinds, when going to or
on duty at or returning from a fire,
and all ambulances, whether of public
or private character, and all other ve
hicles when employed in carrying sick
or Injured persons to hospitals or
other places for relief or treatment,
and the officers and policemen and ve
hicles of the police department shall
have the right of way over all other
persons and vehicles on any street and
through any procession in the City of
Bisbee.
Upon the approach of any apparatus
of the Fire Department every person
riding, driving, propelling or in charge
of any vehicle In or upon any street
in the City of Bisbee shall immediately
stop such vehicle as near as possible
to the right curb of such street; and It
shall be unlawful for any such person
to cause or permit such vehicle to be
moved until such apparatus, police pa
trol wagon or ambulance shall have
passed such vehicle.
HORSES AT RIGHT ANGLES TO
CURB
Section 17. Every person in charge
of any horse, mule or other animal at
tached to a vehicle backed up to the
curb upon any street within the City
of Bisbee shall turn such animal and
keep the same turned at right angles
to such vehicle and in the direction in
which the traffic is moving upon the
side of the street upon which such an
imal is standing.
STANDING OR HITCHING NEAR
INTERSECTIONS
Section IS. It shall be unlawful
for any person to hitch or to cause
or permit to be hitclted any horse,
mule or other animal or to leave
standing, or cause or permit
to be left standing any bicycle,,
motorcycle, automobile, buggy, car
riage, wagon or other vehicle upon
any street within the congested dis
trict of the City of Bisbee, along
which street cars are run or operated
within five feet of either, sideline of
any Btreet that crosses, Intersects or
terminates in such street, or within
fivevfeet of either 'such side line
extended across such street at right
angles.
STANDING NEAR FIRE HYDRANTS
' Section 19. It sfiajl be unlawful for
any person to hitch or io leave stand
ing" or to cause or permit Xo be hitch
ed or left standing, - any animal, or
to leave standing any vehicle, of to
stop or cause or permit to be stopped
any animal or vehicle, in or upon
any public street In the City of Bis
bee, within five feet(o any fire hy
drant. .
' STANDING IN CONGESTED DIS
, TRICT ' ,
Section 20. It shall se unlawful for
any person to leave hitched or cause
or permit to be left hitched any horse,
mule or other animal, or to leave
standing or to cause er permit to be
left standing any vehicle upon any
street within the congested district of
the City of Bisbee for a period longer
than ten (10) minutes, except in park
ing places, now prescribed or herein
after designated; and provided further,
that no sucn vehicle, drawn by any
horse, mule or other animal shall be
left standing for any period unless a
competent driver shall be in charge
of such vehicle or said animal attach
ed to said vehicle, be hitched with
proper, line and a ten-pound (10
pound) weight, so as ,to insure the
safety of the traveling public.
Section 21. It shall be unlawful for
any person owning . or operating
any motor vehicle withiu the City of
BisDee, to deface, obliterate or conceal
or to permit to be defaced, obliterated
or concealed, or allow the same to re
main defaced, obliterated or conceal
ed. In any manner, the number plate
required to be upon said vehicle by
the laws of the State of Arizona.
SPEED LIMITS
Section 22. Any person who shall
ride, drive, or propel, or cause, or
permit to be ridden, driven, or propell
ed, any vehicle at a rate of speed ex
ceeding six (6) miles per hour over or
across any Btreet Intersection in the
congested district, or twelve (12)
miles an hour over the streets of the
congested district, or exceeding fifteen
(15) miles per hour outside the con
gested district, and within said city,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall be fined
for the first offense not less than five
dollars ($5.00) nor more than fifty doL
lars ($50.00); for the second offense,
within a period of six (6) months from
the date of the first offense, the fine
shall be not less than ten dollars
($10.00) nor more than one hundred
dollars ($100.00) or Imprisonment in
the City Jail for -a period not less
than thirty (30) days, nor more than
forty-five (45) days or by both such
fine and -imprisonment;
EXCEPTIONS
Provided, further, that nothing here
in contained shall be construed to af
fect members of the City Fire Depart
ment, members or officers of the City
Water Department, when assigned to
answer fire alarms or emergency calls,
any policeman, or other peace officer
In the discharge of his duty, or any
ambulance, whether of public or priv
ate character, and all other vehicles
when employed in carrying sick or
Injured to hospitals or other place3
for relief or treatment, or doctors re
sponding to an emergency call.
NOTICE POSTED
That the City Engineer be, and Is
hereby directed to post such notices
as are required by law at the intersec
tion of each street within the line of
the district hereinbefore in this or
dinance described. . .
LIGHTS ON VEHICLES
Section 23. It shall fee and It is
hereby declared to be unlawful for any
person to drive, or cause or permit to
be driven or allow to remain upon or
along any street in the City of Bisbee.
any motor vehicle during the period
of one (1) hour after Bunset to thirty
(30) minutes before sunrise, unless
there Is attached to such vehicle pro
per light, in front of such vehicle, and
proper tall light in the rear of such
vehicle, plainly visible, at all times;
and provided further that no person
driving or operating any such vehicle
shall at any time permit or use any
spot light or any kind or character.
HAULING. ETC.
Section 24. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm o- corporation to
haul upon or along any street within
the City of Bisbee, any dirt, gravel,
paving material or other material
liable to fall or be scattered from the
wagon or. vehicle upon which the same
is being hauled, without taking ade
quate measures to keep the same from
being spilled on the street.
DEBRIS PROHIBITED
Section 25. It shall be unlawful for any
person to throw, deposit or place in or
upon any public street or aney within
the City of Bisbee, any nails, tacks.
crockery, scrap iron, tm, wrre, bottles,
glass, thorns or thorny cMpplngs, or
thorny branches of trees or bushes,
or any other article or thin,-; likely to
puncture or injure the tire of any
vehicle.
INTOXICATED DRIVERS
Section 26. Any person operating
or driving a motor or other vehicle
while intoxicated, upon any public
street in the City of Bisbee, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction1 thereof shall be punishable
By a fine of not less than fifty dollars
($50.00) nor more than two hundred
($200.00) dollars, and by imprison
ment not exceeding 30 days, for the
first offense; and punishable by a fine
of not less than One Hundred ($100.00)
Dollars nor more than Three Hun
dred ($300.00) Dollars, and imprison
ment not less than 20 or more than 90
days, for second offense.
USING OTHERS' MACHINES
Section 27. Any person who shall
drive or operate or cause to be driven
or operated, upon any public street
within the City" of Bisbee any motor
vehicle, not; his own. without the con
sent of the1 owner, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor. '
Any' person Who shall withodt the
consent of the owner or person In
charge of a motor vehicle climb upon
or into such vehicle, whether the same
be in motion or at rest, or who while
such vehicle is at rest and unattended
shall attempt tov manipulate any of the
levers, the starting crank, brakes or
mechanism thereof, or to set said ve
hicle in motion shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, "j
In addition to all other punishments
herein elsewhere-provided, the court
may for a definite period suspend or
revoke an operator's or chauffeur's
license upon conviction of the licen
see for violation of any of the provi
sions of this ordinance. '
DRIVING ON NEW PAVEMENT
Section 28. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride or drive or to cause
to be ridden or driven any animal, or
to ride, drive or propel, or to cause
to be ridden, driven or propelled any
vehicle over or across any newly made
pavement in any public street, across
or around which 'pavement there is a
barrier, or at, over or near which there
is a person or a sign warning persons
not to drive over, ot across such pave
ment, or a sign stating that the street
is closed.
MUFFLER CUT-OUT, ETC.
Section 29. Every motor vehicle
must have devices in working order
which shall be at all times in constant
operation to prevent excessive or un
usual noise, annoying smoke and the
escape of gas, steam or oil, as well
as the falling out of residue from fuel.
and all exhaust pipes carrying exhaust
gas from the engine shall be directed
parallel to the ground or slightly up
ward.. Devices known as "muffler
cut-outs" shall not be used within the
limits of the City of Bisbee.
LEAVING AUTO ENGINE RUNNING
, Section 30. It shall bekunlawful for
any person to leave unattended upon
any public street alley or oer put
11c place in the City of Bisbee, any
automobile or other motor vehicle
while any part of the machinery of
such vehicle is running or in motion.
DRIVERS UNDER 16 YEARS
Section 31. It shall be unlawful for
any person under the age of sixteen
(16) years to tuu, drive, propel or op
erate any automobile or other motor
vehicle in, upon or along any public
street or other public place in the City
of Bisbee unless granted a special per
mit, revocable for cause, by the City
Marshal.
It shall be unlawful for any person
to cause or permit any automofttie or
other motor vehicle to be run, driven.
propelled or operated in, upon, over
or along any public street or other
public place by any person under the
age of sixteen (16) years, unless such
last mentioned person shall have the
permit mentioned as in the first para
graph of this section.
OBSTRUCTING STREET
Section 32. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride, drive or cause to
be ridden or driven any horse or
other animal, or to ride, drive or pro
pel, or cause to be ridden, driven or
propelled, any wagon, bicycle, motor
cycle, automobile or other vehicle
upon or along any public sidewalk, or
to permit such animal or vehicle, to
stand thereon, or to permit any ani
mal or vehicle to stand upon any
public street in such manner as to
obstruct the free use of such street.
f TRAILING
Section 33. It shall be unlawful for
any person traveling upon roller
skates, or riding in or upon any coast
er, tricycle, velocipede, bicycle or mo
torcycle, upon any public thorough
fare within the City of Bisbee, to hold
to, cling to, or in any manner attach
either himself or the vehicle upon
which he Is riding to any street car,
automobile, truck, mwgon, buggy or
other moving vehicle.
PARADE REGULATIONS
Section 34. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm, corporation, asso
ciation, society or aggregation of per
sons, firms, corporations, associations
or societies to parade in, along or upon
any public street in the City of Bisbee
except by and with te consent or the
Common Council of said City, and not
then, except in, along and upon such
streets, and at such' time as shall be
designated in said permit. .
CARRYING BANNERS
Section 35. It shall be unlawful for
any person on foot, or tn carriages.
wagons, automobiles or on any vehicle
or on horseback, to carry in, along or
upon any public street or sidewalk In
the City of Bisbee, in or, with "any pa
rade or procession or otherwise, any
banner, sign, transparency, or device
for the purpose of display unless the
sign; transparency or device shall
have been first approved by the Com
mon Council.
FUNERAL PROCESSIONS
Section 36. It shall be unlawful for
any person to obstruct the free and
uninterrupted passage in. uDon. alone
or through any public street in the
City of Bisbee, of any funeral corteee
or procession or to obstruct, Impede
or prevent the passage of any person
or persons attending the conveyance
of the body of any deceased person to
a place for holding services tbereover,
or to a place of interment or crema
tion.
PENALTIES
Section 37. That any person, firm or
corporation violating anv of the pro
visions of this Ordinance not other
wise provided for, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be nunished
by a fine of not less than ten ($10.00)
dollars, nor more than one hnndrod
($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail of the City of Bisbee
for a term of not less than five f5)
days nor more than fifty (50) days,
or by both such fine and imprison
ment.
Section 38. That all Ordinance and
parts of Ordinances in conflict here
with are herebv repealed. -PASSED,
ADOPTED AND AP
PROVED by the Mayor and Common
Council this 16th day of September,
1919.
JACOB ERICKSON,;
Mayor.
Attest: M. L. BUTLER.
City Clerk.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States patent.
Mineral Survey No. 3490.
Serial No. 042741.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix. Arizona. Sent. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-oince address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode mln-
ing claims, situate in the
Mining District. Cochise County, Ari
zona:
"MAYDAY"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mining
uismct. Dears N. 38" 26' W. 6200.9
feet; thence S. 48" 47' E. 1369.3 feet
to corner No. 2: thence S. 22 25
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3 : thence
N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 2235' E. 600.0 feet
to Corner No. 1, the place of begin
ning. . Containing a tptal area of
17.872 acres, expressly excluding the
surrace ground only In conflict with
Eisbee Townsite Survey. ' consisting
or 2.0C6 acre. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim , is from
east end center N. 48 47' W. 1369.3
reet..
"MISSING LINK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. whence
u. s. M. M. No. 1725.. Warren Mln
ing District, bears N. 38 15' W.
5533.2 feet; thence S. 76 37' E,
600.0 feet the Corner No. 2; thence
S. 22 35' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 76 37' W. 600.0
feet to Corner No. 4: thence N. 22
35' E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a
total area of 20.405 acres, expressly
excluding the surface ground only In
conflict with Bisbee Townalte Sur
vey, consisting of 5.054 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the north end center
S. 2? 35' W. 1500.0 feet
- "BISBEE"
Beginning' at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. .No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 33' 48' W.
6512.9 feet; thence S. 48 47' B. 1369.3
feet to Corner No. 2; thence S. 22
35' W. 600.0 feet, to Conner No. 3:
thence N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 22' 35' E.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the, place
of beginning. Containing a total
area of 17.872 acres, expressly ex
cluding surface ground only tn com
flict with Bisbee Townsite Survey,
consisting of 16.761 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on the
claim is from the west end center
S. 48'. 47'. E. 1369.3 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application Is based.
is recoided In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise Coupty, Ari
zona, as follows:
"MAY DAY". Book 31. Records of
Mines, page 389. - ;
"MISSING1 LINK", Book 33. Rec
"BISBEE", Book 54, Records of
Mines, page 21.
The names ot the adjoining claims
are: On the South, Bisbee Townsite
Survey and "BRODIE" lode, unsur
veyed, owned by P. Lombard! Estate;
on the West "FRACTION" lode.
unsurveyed, and "EELLB ISLE No.
1" lode. Survey No. 3477.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3494
Serial No. 042740.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona,4Sept. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the following named lode mining
claims, situate in theWarren Min
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona!
"HOR8E SHOE"
Beginning at Corner N. 1, whence
U. 8. MY M.No. 1725 Warrpn TITin.
ing District, bears N. 0 36' W.
4614.9 feet; thence S. 38' 04' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
&. 40- 3&' w. 600.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 38 12' W. 1499.6
feet to Corner No. 4: tbfno K 4K
35' E. 603.6 feet to Corner No. 1,
me piace ot beginning. Containing
total area of ?n kqk
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey no. isu3. "CLIMAX' lode, ot
0.473 acres. . The presumed course
of the vein on the claim i from -th
east end center N. 38 04' 1500.0
reet.
"UNION"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 13' 20' 30" E.
3471.8 feet: thence S. 34 2i' v.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
h. 4&- 35' vv. 6ira.6 feet to Corner
No. 3; whence N. 34 21' W. 1500.6
feet to Corner No. 4? thtirs v ik
35' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
a net area of 20.412 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the west end center S.
34 29' E. 1500.0 feet.
"ELK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 3- 33' 30 E,
5377.9 feet; thence S. 65 13' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24' 45' W. 600.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24"
45' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.661 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey
of 4.336 acres; also area in conflict
with "CENTURY" lode, Survey No.
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey,
2553, exclusive ot its conflict . with
3.216 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from the
east end center N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet.
The location notices of said claims
upon which this application is based.
is recorded tn the office of the Conn
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"HORSE SHOE", Book 14, Records
of Mines, page 500,
"UNION", Book 15, Records ot
Mines, pages 101-102,
"ELK", Book 50, Records of Mines,
pages 744-745.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CLIMAX" lode,
Sarvey No. 1803, Bisbee Townsite
Survey, and "CENTURY" lode, Sur
vey No. 2fi53: om the Sooth "CEN
TUB!" feU, Survey So. 2553; on
the West "EQUINOXIAL" lode, , un
surveyed, owned by H. Finotti.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of The Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix Ari
zona, August 29. 1919.
NOTICE is hereby given that John
M. Ottmar, of Stark. - Arizona, who,
on October 10, 1913, made Homestead
Entry, No. 023529, for NW, Sec
tion 8, Township 24-S., Range 23-E.,
G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make
three year Proof, Nto establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 15th day of
October, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Lee W. Comerford, of Stark, Art
zona.' i
Hugh Gallagher, of Hereford, Ari
zona. Homer R. Fixe, of Starke, Arizona,
, Lydia I Fike, of Naco,- Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication. Sept 12. 1919.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent.
Mineral 8urvey No. 3576.
Serial No. 042974.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept 15, 1919.
NOTICE IS . HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the following named lode mining
claim, situate In the Warren Mining
District, Cochise County, Arizona:
-REMAINDER"
, Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
the S. EL corner of -Section 27, Town
ship 23 South.,-Range 24 East, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.; 30 50? .80'
E. 2845.2 feet; thence S. 64M8' W.
352-3 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 86 15' W. 210.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 45 26' W. 918.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 64
18' E. 529.1 feet to Corner No. 6;
thence S. 45 03' B. 999.0 feet to
Corner No. I, the place of beginning.
Containing a total area of 11.156
aerea; expressly excluding area, in
conflict with Survey No. 1392. "MOD
OC" lode of 6.218 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein in this
claim Is from the east end center
N. 45 03' W.. 599.0 feet.
The location notice of said "RE
MAINDER" claim, upon which this
application : Is based, is recorded in
theiofftce of the County Recorder ot
Cochise County, Arizona, in Book 32,
Recdrds of Mines, at page 352.
j The Karnes -oi the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CONTENTMENT
lode. Survey No. 1392; on the South
"MARTIN lode. Survey No. 1872 and
"MASCOT" lode, 8urvey No. 1743; on
the West MODOC lode. Survey No.
1392.
' J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United State Patent,
' Mlheral Survey No. 3493.
Serial No. 042739.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept 11, 1919. J
NOTICE 13 HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation. whose
post-office address is Bisbee, ' Art-
sons, has made sppllcatloa for pat
ent for the following named lode
mining claims, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona:
WREN"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. 11. M. No. 1725, W&rren Min
ing DfstrlQa, bears N. S WE.
7147.4 feet; tfceace S. S 24' W.
602.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence S.
60 38' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
3; thence N. 6 24' E. 602.0 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 60 3S' E
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing net area
of 17.029 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the east nd center S. CO 3S'
W. 1500.0 feet.
"BLUE BIRD"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
(the corner of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8,
Township 23 South, Range 24 East,
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 65 33' E.
915.9 feet, and) U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 1
52' W. 6343.8 feet thence S. 5 24'
W. 600.0 reet to Comer No. 2; thence
S. 61 26' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 5 24' E. 602.0 feet
to Corner No. 4; thence N. 61 30'
E. . 1498.9 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place ot beginning. Containing a net
area of 17.1 C5 ares. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the east end center S. 61 26'
W. 1500.0 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, as
follows:
"WREN", Book 50. Records ot
Mines, pages. 745, 746,
,"BLUE BIRD", Book 38, Records
of Mines, page 127.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CENTURY" lode.
Survey No. 2553, "BISBEE QUEEN"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Rambo; on the South "WINNEBAGO"
lode' Survey No. 3384, "KNICKER
BOCKER" lode. Survey No 3407.
"SILVER LEAD" lode, Survey No.
3456, and "DIAMOND FRACTION"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Rambo.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
September 11, 1919.
NOTICE is hereby given that James
B. Riley, one of the heirs and for the
heirs of John Riley, deceased, of War
ren, Ariz., who, on May 15, 1915, made
Homestead Entr No. 027347. for SR.
4, Section 6. NE., Section 7, Town
ship 23-S., Range 26-E. G. & S. R. B.
and Meredian has filed notice of in
tention to make three-year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
Commissioner, Bisbee, Ariz., on the
22d day of October, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George F. Hart of Lowell, Arizona.
Alcide F. Pelot, John Haberkorn,
both of Bisbee, Arizona.
Press E. Wilkerson of Lowell, Ari
zona. J-L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
September 11, 1919.
NOTICE is hereby given that Lea
Haley of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
May 10, 1917,, made Homestead En
try No. 029615, for NW. NW. ,
Section 5, NE..',4, NE.Vi. Section 6,
Township 24-S.; Range 24 E, Stf. NEL
Vi, SB. U. section 31. Township 23-S,
Range, 24-E, G. & S. R. B. and Merid
ian, has filed notice of intention to
make Three-Year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore "Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 224
day of October, 1919. , .
Claimant names as witnesses:
Jennie B. Elliott, Richard Brandon,
Edward J. Mitchell, .Harry Hussen,
all of Don Luis, Arizona.
' J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR ' PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona,
August 22, 1919.
Notice is hereuy given that Zena
Aston, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
April 25, 1914. made Homestead En
try, No. 024947. for NE. i. Section 7,
Township 23-S.. Range 21-E.. G. &
S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three year proof
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Jared D. Taylor.
U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ari
zona, on the 3d day of October, 1919.
Claimant' names as witnesses:
Lee Aston, John Kelly, William
Kelly and Henry Clay Aston, all of
Garces, Arizona. -
. J. L. IRWIN, Register.
FLETCHERIZE
your food to ' reduce the High Cost
of Living. If in need of dental work;
! ' - call on
DR. J. F. TEUFERT
Maze Bldg. -,
Modern, Sanitary, Painless Methods
The strongest thing tn th
world- public opinion!
IMPEMALES
MOVTHPIK.CH
CIGADtTTES
captured it by sheer merit.
Everywhere men are smok
ing them. Cigarettes of such
excellence that they have set
their own standard of (jualiry.
10orl3c
The John B oilman Co. Branca FAGE FOUE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919. y
r
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State consolidated
Publishing Company
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to
this paper, and also, the local hews published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also
. reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act
of March 8, 1897.
' SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month i . .80
Six Months - 4.00
Twelve Months (After October 1, 1919)
Sunday (our Weekly) Per Year
7.30
2.60
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make all
checks payable to The Bisbee Daily" Review. Those desiring sub
scriptions for more than one month may secure them by advising The
Review office.
THE MINORITY REPORT
THE WEAKNESS of the administration forces in the U. S. Senace
upon the peace treaty is forecast in the report of the minority
of the committee on foreign relations, which was submitted yes
terday. It is indeed . a minority report. Senator McCumber,
republican, who has been claimed all along as being with the Presi
dent, did not sign it. But more significant than this is the fact thai
Senator Shields of Tennessee, a democrat and an administration man,
declined to put his name to the document. It must be apparent even
to the friends of Mr. Wilson, that the peace treaty will never be
ratified as y. was brought from Paris. The campaign of education
has opened the eyes of the people to the dangers that unamended
ratification involve and their protests, which have been pouring in
upon the Senate for weeks, have stampeded the democratic minorI:y
until, if we may believe Senator Ashurst, another administration.,
democrat, there are not more than 27 democratic senators who win
vote for the treaty without amendment or reservation.
This weakness is not surprising in view of the weakness of the
minority report. If that is the best kind of a case that can be made
out for the President, Senator Hitchcock had better not have tackleu
the job at all. This report does not discuss the vital features un
der attack. It has nothing to say specifically in answer to tn
majority charges against provisions of the convention that surrenders
our sovereignity and limit our freedom of action.
A large part of the document is filled with allegations of the
great loss by this country of the concessions we have wrung from
Germany if we fail to ratify the treaty. One would think that Ger
many signed the treaty as a favor to the allied and associated powers.-.
It declared in substance that Germany might never be .again in sucn
a conciliatory mood, and hence we cannot hope again to get an ac
knowledgement of her responsibility " for the war, favorable tariff
and the like. '
Such drivel is unworthy of set ious discussion. Every American
knows that Germany is more dependent upon the United States than
upon any. other nation for her raw materials; that she needs our
assistance far more than we need hers; tha no matter what we do
with the treaty she cannot recover ker strength without reaching .
an accommodation with the United States; and her fear today
that we may not accept what she has agreed to give in the treaty.
So far as Germany is concerned, treaty or no treaty," we hold the
economic whip and can wield it as 'we will. '"
The minority admits the treaty and covenant are not "divinely
perfect in every detail." But with this admission' it opposes every ,
and all attempts to perfect it. It omits all references to the glaring
and shocking concession 6f Chinese territory and people to a country
whose only title to the property and to them is that which a robber
natioa could give. It has no defense of the charge that in the as
sembly of the league Great Britain has six votes to only one for the
United States. It has nothing to say about the article that compew
us to fight to preserve the territorial boundaries! of the nations or
Europe or of the clause that makes the interpretation of our Mon
roe Doctrine a subject for consideration by the League of Nations.
Its silence in those matters is damning. Jt means that Cie min
ority having no defense to offer' is forced to ignore them. But tne
people are not blind. They see hoy vulnerable the peace treaty is
and they have made it known, to the co-ordinate branch of the treaty-:
making power that the instrument Mr. Wilson fastened upon tno
world is not satisfactory to the American people.
I EMINENT DOMAIN AND THE FARMER j
ADVANCING another step towards the principle of confiscation
which has been the dominant rate of Russian soviet rule, and
causing another small rife between their own vagaries and the
ideals upon which the government of the United States has
been founded, the socialist state government of North Dakota has
adopted a law which makes tenure of land by its present holders u
most uncertain thing, and operates inevitably to retard development
and obstruct progress.
Under the provisions -of this new departure any ten men in the
state may combine and take up land anywhere in the state. That
the land desired belongs to someone .else makes no difference, ac
cording to the law as long as the ten men want to parcel it among
themselves they simply take it, and the state aides in the robbery
by financing it to the extent of $10,000. The owner must sell,
whether his land is in the city or in the "country, and all the rights
and privileges he has enjoyed under a really democratic form of
government are thrown into the discard.
To those who have watched the operations of the North Dakota
state government there lias come, however, the very thing which
they have predicted and for which they have been waiting. The land
owners of the state, and especially the farmers who made the socialist
regime a possibility and who were inclined to hold in contempt an
other system of rule except their own Uptopion proposals, are rising
in revolt against the new land law. While the 'confiscation of oi
property, the creation of a paternal- form of government, and all the
other delusions of the Marxian disciples were perfectly proper in the
estimation of these farmers as long as they were, beneficiaries, aj
soon as thy are pinched by the fallacies of their own propaganda thej
beg'n Jo squirm.
This has been the case whenever and wherever Socialist ann
Bolshevist propaganda has neon given a free opportunity. The con
dition of Russia today is even worse than it was under a bureau
cratic and tyrannical government The pity of it all is that those
who suffer are the deluded men and women who have lost the.-;
sense of proportion and right under the domination of self-seeking
visionaries.
Thcdemand of members of the National Funeral Directors' Asso
ciation at their convention in Atlantic City that the bodies of Ameri
cans killed in France be returned to this country would have more
force coming from others than undertakers.
The opposition to the granting of further gratuities to Canadian
soldiers, like that in this country, comes mostly from those who fqar
the effect in later taxes on incomes the war made possible.
That i mounting death list in the Boston riots incident to the
police strikei will; gbidden the hearts of the Bolshevists who. imagine.,
pooi" souls,' that it helps their cause. . ''
l The design for the Mexican border service having been decldeu
upon, Washington is making ready for the expected mad rush oi
regulars and guardsmen.
THE RATS
Somewhere the leaves are falling, but Buffalo has no compl"tni
to make about September so far.
,000,000,000 D0U.AHS
W0H 0? TOOX AMD
VfcOPtfVTY EVERY
YE Afc.
"-HAw! HAW ! -HAW jjl
TttAYS K0Ttt. V
Here and
The
ke in Arizona
CHURCH WILL RECONCILE
CAPITOL VS. LABOR CONFLICT
DOUGLAS, Sept. 22. To reconcile
the conflicting elements of capital
and labor included in the member
ship of the Episcopal church as a
first step toward nation-wide social
reconstruction and industrial peace,
is one of the striking features of
a tentative after-the-war program
which influential forces in the Epis
copal church have just completed.
The plan was made public yester
day in New York by the nation
wide compaign of the church. It
is felt that the democracy of the
church offers ideal ground upon
which employer and employe may
meet and adjust their differences;
and the measure of success at
tending' this effort thereafter may
stand as an example for general ap
plication. The practical details of the plan
have not yet been fully worked out;
but Included In its scope are sugges
tions for the establishment in tho
church parishes of social study
classes where such problems as
child welfare, hours of employment
of ; women, conditions of labor and
industry, health insurance, the treat
ment of prisoners, the insane, feeble-minded,
informed upon pendin-?
issue and be able intelligently to
exercise their influence a3 citizens
upon such legislation as may be
proposed to remedy existing evils.
which, had they been .true, would
have sent him over the road at that
time. The officer, however, found
that most of the Russian's stories j
were without foundation. When fi
nally brought into court Kuzoff ad-,
mitted that he had lied repeatedly,
to Calson just to make him trou-1
ble. I
As Kuzoff had no registration! card
and, moreover, was plainly a danger-!
ous person to be at large, he was
bound over without bail.
RUSS ANARCHIST HAS
VIOLENT OPINIONS
JEROME, Sept. 22. In the opin
ion of Vasil Kuzoff, avowed and ag
gressive anarchist, every official of
the United States government, be
ginning with the president, should
be exterminated.
This opinion, forcibly expressed
in United States Commissioner C.
H. ' Rutherford's court, was one of
the main reasons why Kuzoff was
bound over to the district court on
a technical charge of failing to reg
ister for the selective draft. There
is little doubt that the federal au
thorities will deport the prisoner to
his native Russia. Persons of tar
less violent political views are de
ported every day.
Refuses to Plead
When brought into court, Kuzotf
declined to testify. He said that he
did not recognize any court, all the
courts being under the domination
of the hated upper classes. There
fore he would not even plead.
1-foi mally, Kuzoff stated his views
'i the commissioner and to Deputy
United States Marshal Harry Carl
son, the arresting officer. He de
clared that he was deeply and
earnestly opposed to all government,
particularly that of the United
States, and was firmly convinced
that for the good of humanity all
public officials should be executed
without , delay. The,, only . govern
ment for 'which he had any feeling
of toleration whatever was the so
viet regime of Russia. ,
Lied to Officer
Some time ago Kuzoff was unik'i:
i investigation. He told Carlson k
! number ' of things about himself
MIAMI SCHOOL DEVELOPMENT.
MIAMI, Sept. 22.--The favorable
outcome of the school bond election'
which took place June 14, has en
abled Mr. Bland, city superintendent
of schools for five years, Mr. Webb, '
the high school principal, and the
board of education, to make rapid
progress in planning not only the
new school buildingsj. but likewise
the new curricula. The bonds were
sold August 4, and the contract for
the construction is to be granted
some time this month. The high
school building will be extended, per
mitting the accommodation of the
seventh grade. This will encourage
the development of a junior high '
school in connection with the senior
high school. The adding of the hign
school annext will enable the build-1
ers to widen the woefully narrow
stage at least 12 feet.
executive committee with headquar
ters 4n New York City, with head
quarters staff and field representa
tives. A state campaign chairman and
executive committee in each of the
48 states and the District of Colunv
bia and the insular possessions.
A county campaign chairmaa ;to
be appointed by the state campaign
chairman.
A campaign chairman for each lo
cal community to be appointed by
the couiuy campaign chairman, oi
in the case of big cities, by the state
chairman.
PHOENIX SELLS VERDE BONDS, j
PHOENIX, Sept. 22. The joint!
bids of Powell, Gerard & Co., of Chi-'
cago, and Sweet, Causey, Foster &
Co., of Denver for the purchase oi'
the city's $1,300,000 Verde water
bond issue were accepted Saturday
noon by the city commissioners after
a controversy of two days' lengin
and p. modification of bids so as noi'
to conflict with Arizona laws con
cerning the sale of bonds of this na
ture. The bid was at par. By the
acceptance o f the above bids the cityi
of Phoenix was saved $153,000 over'
the next highest bidder. j
In their bid of Saturday morning.'
which was accepted- John E. Suther-j
lin and other representatives of the
Denver and Chicago corporation con
vinced the commissioners that by
paying the bids . off on an annuat'
serial optional plan of one-thirtieth
of the principal yearly, a net savins
of $13,000 a year would be made. The
bid calls for 5 per cent bonds if pata
up at the date of maturity, but al
lows the city the privilege of paying
the optional serial amount.
RICH MINES IN MEXICO
SOLD TO ENGLISHMEN
TUCSON, Sept. 22. With the de
parture list -night of James S. Kelso,
secretary-treasurer of the Narragan
sett. Mines company, for Mexico, it
was made public that all of the licit
Ramsdell holdings in Mexico, In
Tepic and Sinaloa, are about to be
opened up by an English syndicate
that has been making extensive ex
aminations of the Ramsdell Mexican
holdings, which number among the
larger ones of the two states with
many millions of ore developed, that
had been closed down owing to tha
internal disorders now disappearing.
The interests with which Mr. Rams
dell has been associated in Pima
county have recently closed one deal
for $200,000 and the sale of the Nar
ragansett property is pending. The
Narragansett property, with its mil
lion and a quarter dollars' worth of
ore shipped and the property just
'ibottomed" in sulphides, has been
one of the big surprise developments
of the county. Its sale will now
bring capital into the district ana
more than finance W. R. Ramsdell
in large operations which he has beet
contemplating for some time. . In the
Narragansett deal the interest oi
Mr. Ramsdell and Albert Steinfeld Ac
Co. have been harmonized to the sat
isfaction of both concerned.
ARIZONA HELPS BUILD
ROOSEVELT MEMORIAL',
PHOENIX, Sept. 22. An executive
committee meeting will be held in
the capitol next Friday to perfeev
the organization of the Rooesevlt me- 1
mortal in this state. It will also con
template on the plans for the big
drive for funds which will take place
the; week of 0t, 20. : . ; ;
A representative from the Pacific
division will ' be here to address the
' nieefaiug'and to assist Jn the organr
i ZHtioij . here. The campaign orgaul-l-isat
ion -wijl Me -operated much t he
fsanie as "t ho "'Red Cross drives and
I Mill be made up:as follows:
A uatiuu.il campaign chairman and
TENNIS PLAYER FALLS DEAD.
PRESCOTT, Sept. 22 A sorrowfu.
shock to this section was the sudden
and wholly unexpected death or
Archie Middleton. While playing
tennis on the grounds in West Pres
cott the evening of September 16,
1919, he was seen to suddenly throw
his hand to his breast and fall to
the ground. Dr. Yount, who was
immediatefy called, said that death
had been instantaneous. Supposition
is that unusual action and a weak
heart proved fatal. Archie Middle
ton was 45 years of age. He was
born in Missouri. For some years
h-jfore ensaguig in the mercantile
business. which he was most success
fully conducting up to the time ot
his death, he was manager for the
Brayton Commercial company, at
Vulture. In his death this section
hast, lost an honorable business man
a?id a splendid citizen, a man who
enjoyed' the'-utmost respect '6E all
who knew him. He leaves a wife
and a' sou, aged about 12 years. HIa
wife is a sister of former Sheriff
.Joseph Yomig... He was a member ot
the Masonic order and was junior
warden for one of the Fresco! t
lodges. ...
THE TOWN GOSSIP
FOR SOME time past. i
FRANK BLEDSOE.
HAS BEEN talking to me.
ABOUT THE Ford car.
AND HAS been trying.
TO SELL me one.
AND HE'S agent.
FOR IT In this section.
AND IT looks.
'
LIKE A fairly good car.
ALTHOUGHI never could see.
WHERE IT differed.
. .
FROM OTHER cars.
AND YESTERDAY afternoon.
HE MET me on the street.
AND TOOK me for a ride.
AND I asked him.
. .
WHAT. MADE the Ford.
O
SUPERIOR TO other cars.
;
AND HE said:
"It's the cheapest car on the mar
ket for the money. It uses less
gasoline. It'll last longer. ' It's
easier riding than any other car.
It's the only real automobile on
the msrket today."
AND THIS morning. ,
TdR. SMART. ' '
'.
CAME IN to see me.
AND HE began talking. '
ABOUT THE Chevrolet.
AND HIS story.
WAS SO interesting.
' . " ."
AND SO convincing.
THAT I listened to him.
AND FINALLY I asked him.
HOW IT happened. .
THAT THE Chevrolet.
WAS SO far superior.
TO OTHER automobiles.
AND HE patted me on .the head.
REAL FRIENDLY like.
AND I could see.
THAT HE was amused. -t
AT MY ignorance.
AND HE said:
"It's the cheapest car on the mar
ket for the money. It uses less
gasoline. It'll last longer. It-a
easier riding than any other cai.
It's the only real automobile on
the market ttoday."
AND I thanked him.
AND TOLD htm.
THAT I'D let him know.
-
A LITTLE later.
AND ANYWAY.
I'M GLAD.
THEY EXPLAINED it to me.
,I'VE ALWAYS worried a lot.
ABOUT SUCH things.
I THANK -you
Turning Back the Calendar
Sixteen Years Ago Today In Bisbee
"(From the Bisbee Daily Rev iew of September 22, 1903)
Yesterday marked an epoch in tnoj
history of the local lodge of Pythia'ns.t
The cornerstone of what is to be the I
finest lodge building in the territory
was laid amid impressive, ceremonieaJ
Judge Webster Street, past grand
representative for the order in Arv
zona, was the speaker of the day.
Marriage licenses were granteu
yesterday in Tombstone to Nels Man-j
son and Miss Elsie Nelson, and Ylc-
toria Fabria and Juan Rivera.
terday when they ran away with a
loaded truck of lumber. No damagu
was done aside from dumping the
load. The team was standing at tno
side track and became frightened a.
a passing engine. They crossed the
little plaza in - front of the Copper
Queen store, narrowly missing a bug
gy which stood at the end of the
hitching rail. Two bystanders made
a sensational stop of the team In
iront of the fire house.
B. J. O'Reilly, county assessor anu
Naco real estate and mining broker,
was in the city yesterday for the
purpose ot making arrangements to
move his office here. Mr. Reilly rs
well known in this section. He has
not decided where he will locate hts
office but it is possible they will be
in the Bank of Bisbee building.
Justice Brown had two cases against
men charged with vagrancy yesterdaj
and in both the men were founu
guilty.
The double team of Aldenneu
Scott.created much excitement yes-
Edward Slawson, the young mau
who was found guilty of the charge
ot embezzlement tor having stolen a
saddle from Soutberland and Christy
in the Huachucas last month, wa
sentenced to serve 75 days in the
county jail by Justice McDonald.
The carpenters of Bisbee are abouk
to form a union in the hope that the
will be able to get a shorter worn
day. A meeting has been called at
the L. & O. Restaurant tonight wheu
preliminary steps .will be taken to
organibze. If the carpenters succeed
in forming a union It will be the In
itial organization of that kind to take
root in Eisbee.
WHAT OTHER PAPERS SAY
CANNOT SERVE BOTH.
New York Times.
A policeman has no more right tt
belong to a union than a soldier or
sailor.- He must be ready to obe
orders, the orders of hia superiors,
not those of any outside body. One
of his duties is the maintenance ot
order ir case of 6trike violence, m
such a case, if he is faithful to his
union, he may have to be unfaithrui
to the public, which pays him to pro
tect it. The situation is false and Impossible.
definite instructions from the peopi
of the United States of America,
which he dared not disobey.
OPPOSING CONTENTIONS
New York Tribune.
So far as the President has mac
any argument it seems to run alon,
double lines: First, that the reserva
tions merely restate what is alreaoy
m the covenant, and hence are sm
plusage; second, that they are wickeu
and abominable inventions whose
adoption will destroy the league
and break the heart of the worlu.
Both s,cts of contentions cannot T)t
true, yet they are put forward to
gether, often in the same speech.
.CARDINAL MERCIER.
New York World.
With weapons not material bur
spiritual, Cardinal Mercier, Primate
of Belgium, now an honored guest oi
the United States, made himself au
outstanding figure of the war. In h
world nominally Christian that seem
ingly was given over to savagery
worse than pagan, he was pre-eminent
from first to last in courage, ze:
and faith. It Is to be said of him that
in the dark years of strife he glqi
fled religion as truly as any warilo
vindicated the force of democracy.
HIS STATE OF MIND
New York Sun.
If President TTilfcon is not, actualry
at this time the sickest t man in tiit.
world of the impossible thing whicn
he himself started in the plentitude
of political and personal aspiration,
his present state of mind concerning
it is wideiy different from that on
which he told the Peace Conference
in April last that he had come
Paris with a peremptory mandate auu
ON THIN ICE?
JNew York Herald. .
. At Sioux Falls President Wilson as
serted that "pro-Germanisin" all ov-
the country Is opposing ratification o.
the treaty unamended. Isn't the
President skating on very thin icer
His charge may bring some injuries
concerning the activity in this con
nection of German finance. That Ger
man finance, operating through
numerous channels not all of the in
unfamiliar to the American public
i& extremely act ivj in, support or Ire
,ireaty as it stands must be clear to
;ill Americans familiar with the rati
fications of Genuai finance in
laud.
' Someone asks, "Will the doctor
(finally come by airplane when the
etoik arrives?" We see no reason
why he should not. Wing and wing TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Page five
-4
J
. 1
3
i
i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are
cents.' No ads wilf be received later
the telephone.
For Sale
FOR SAL.E Bargain Studebaker
racer, $225 cash; good condition,
any demonstrations. F. W. Glreck
ler, Naco, Ariz. 604-S-23
FOR SALE Piano, easy terms. Box
3113. Lowell. . 615-10-13
FOR SALE Two houses and furni
ture, chickens, rabbits, large bear
ing orchard; plenty of water, large
track of ground. Upper Tombstone
canyon, Divide road, or address Box
722, city; easy terms to right party.
6099-24
FOR SALE Zellner piano, Box 103,
Naco, Ariz. 454-S-23
FOR SALE -horse power, 60 cyc'e,
.220 volt induction motor. Bisbce
Daily Review. 209-8-24-ttf
FOR SALE One second Hand -ton
Willys utility truck, in very good
mechanical order; good body, rea
sonable price. Slag Dump Garage.
160-tf-22
FOR SALE Left In pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
jewelry uo., urewery uuicn.
FOR SALE OLD PAPERS at bargain
prices if taken in large quantities
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. 353-tf
FOR SALE First class, modern ce
ment block house on Boulevard,
corner lot; also 3-room frame
house in rear, both completely
furnished. This property will
command $100 month rental. Rich
ardson, third house from hospital
car stop. 561-9-22
FOR SALE Cheap. Standard piano.
Phone Black 537. 562-9-22
FOR SALE A few head of gentle
native cattle. C. E. Doullard, one
mile north of Naco. 564-9-22
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE 120
acres near Colorado Springs,
Colo., for Warren district property.
Address L. R., Box 2119, Bisbee.
Ariz. 574-9-30
FOR SALE 7-roora touse furnished.
with bath; a bargain. 213 School
HI1L 586-9-23
IFOR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co
589-Stf-17
FOR SALE 9-room house, completely
furnished, 2 lots, big chicken yard
and coops; cash ?1050; terms to
right party. Address B-3356 Lowell
Phone 293. 585-9-23
FOR SALE Fresh ripe tomatoes for
canning at pre-war prices, delivered
to any part Warren district. Chas.
L. Purdy. 591- tf 17
FOR SALE -horse power 24 Amp.
(I 110 volt, 60 cycle induction motor.
Bisbee Daily Review. 599 9-tf
FOR SALE Cash grocery and cash
hardware in Wilmington, Ca.; very
pood business and good location in
, growing Los Angeles Harbor; rea
son for selling, on accountof loosing
partner. Write to Harbor Cash Gro
cery, 228 West Anaheim street, Wil
mington, Cal. For further informa
tion see Tom Ratkovic, Lowell.
Phone 31. 584-9-23
FOR SALE 12 room apartment
house, close in; completely fur
nished house, newly papered and
painted; furniture in good condi
tion. Will sell on payments.
Phone Blue 711. 567-9-22
FOR SALEr-Two milk cows. M. D.
Van Hullen, near Warren mine.
568- 9-22
FOR SALE New sewing machine,
Victrola, 60 records, baby walker,
Majestic range. Phone 748.
569- 9-22
FOR SALE The Hughes block; title
clear; bargain; will take part cash,
balance payments. See Mrs. Hughes.
619-9-24
FOR SALE Six-room frame house In
Warren; all conveniences, near car
line. Price $2,250 cash. Box 695,
warren. 623-9-23
FOR SALE 4-room furnished house;
bath; screened porch; nice yard
and basement. 211 B1j :knob View,
Warren, or phone Blue ( 9.
62-23
FOR SALE Feather bed, $10; 2 pairs
pillows, $6. Rooms E and F, JohnJ
son Apts., Jchnson Addition.
GD59-2
i'OU SALE One 4-room house in
Warren. Box 1781 Bisbee for in
formation. 692-10-7
FOR SALE 5-room frame house in
Warren. Thone 636. 690-lf-9-2:5
FOR SALE 3-room furnished houso
with sleeping porch; 60 chickens,
4 lots, nice yard and fruit trees.
172 Opera Drive. 6S9-9-2U
FOR SALE 5 sets (3 in set) beau
tiful genul le African ostrich un
curled, longflue plumes; half prico
to quick purchaser. Phone Ke.
893.
6S&-9 :
FOR SALE 5-room house and furni
, ture; lot 80xS4; price $1,600; win
take Ford touring car as part pn
ment in exchange. Address R. K.
M., care Review. 681-9-31)
FOR SALE Ford Touring car, 1917
model, in good condition: Price $350,
easy terms to right party. Ford Ga
rage, Johnson addition. 669 921 tf
athe rate of 1 cent per word 'for each insertion, with a minimum charge of 25
than 7 p. m., for insertion the next morning and no ads will be taken over
For Sale
FOR SALE Four rooms with bath,
in new addition; $300 cash and rest
on terms. Box 575, Warren.
624-9-22
FO RSALE Furniture of 5room house
with privilege of renting house.
Phone Blue 723. 645-9-26....
FOR SALE One six-burner gas range,
good as new. Mrs. T. J. Spalding,
283 School Hill. ' 675-9-24
FOR SALE 90 ampere-hour Willard
lighting storage battery, in good
shape, cheap. Address A. B. X, care
Review. V 674 9 23
FOR SALE 6-room house and furni
ture; close in; bargain; one four
room house, large yard, fruit trees;
some choice building lots in Upper
Tombstone Canyon. Hogan & Seed.
667-S-23
FOR SALE One golden oak china
closet, absolutely new, one Axminis-
ter rug. 7x9, hangings and large metal
trunk. Call Red 240, or 104 Ma
son Hill. 668-9-23
FOR SALE 500 shares Canlon Air
Brake, 25c share. E. M. L., care Re-
Tiow. 650-9-23
FOR SALE 320 acres well improved,
one mile north of Naco. C. E. Drul
lard, Naco, Ariz. 652-S-28
For Rent
FOR RENT Room for batching. 14
Naco road, next to Lowell Bakery,
Johnson Addition. 605-9-22
FOR RENT Garage, $3 per month.
Apply D. lay fair. 98 Mason Hill
Phone S97. 607tf- -18
9
FOR ENT Apartment, kitchenette,
wall bed, bath, phone, light, water.
Over Independent Fuel office, Main
street. ' 608-S-18
FOR RENT Modern house. Wil
liams Hill, Tombstone Canyon.
Eugene Stevens. 513-stf
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric iignts, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot. tf
The most eomnletft tfVh nrintlnir
plant in Arizona at your service.
rnone as, Keview.
FOR RJJNT 2-room partly furnished
apartment. Inquire 64 Robert ave
Mason, Hill. 403 tf-8-12
FOR RENT 7 room house, four
rooms furnished. Opera Drive.
Rent $35.00. 9-14-lf.
FOR RENT Three rooms for light
housekeping. 31 O. K. St. 696-9-23
FOR RENT 2 large furnished roms
91 . Jiggerville. 679-9-Za
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. No. 3 Curve
St., opposite convent. 682-9-24
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms with light and watc
included, $15 per month. Inquire
116 Upper Lowell, near Hoatson
shaft. 685-9-2S
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for light housekeeping. Lights,
water and gas. 163 Opera Drive.
566-9-22
FOR RENT Three front rooms for
rent. Apply Mainland Plumbing
shop. O. K. street. 578-9-23
FOR RENT $Three furnished house
keeping rooms, with bath, gas. John
Ceron, Blackknob View, Warren.
579-9 23
FOR RENT Nice, clean cottages, fur
nished. Mrs. Winwood, Winewood
addition. 582-9 23
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for housekeeping; also three
rooms; water paid. Green, 402.
FOR RENT Large nicely furnished
room; close in. Phone 578.
636-9-23
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house. 22 Pakerville.
FOR RENT 3-room furnished houso.
215 Opera Drive. 640-9-23
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. Ap
ply California Bakery. 672-9-25
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms, furnished; lights and water.
172 Temey avenue. 677 9 23
FOR RENT
ing rooms.
Hill.
furnished housekcep
Shearer. 14 Laundry
665-9-24
FOR RENT 4-room house, largo yard
and fruit trees. White's house.
Wood Canyon. 648 9-22
FOR RENT "room house, Quality
Hill. Red 152. 649-9-24
Wanted
WANTLT-Roadster or small car, self
tlarter. good condition, low, priced.
H. A. B.,' care .'Review. 671-9-23
WANTED To buy small battery vi
brator. Box 1699, Hisbe9.
C06-0 20
I WANTED Truck driving by first-
class mechanic. Address Bisbee
Review, C. C. 67 s 23
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Tailor.
man, 8 Allen Block.
Philip Dof t-684-9-Zs
WANTED Groceryman to deliver
and solicit; permanent place for
right man. Phone 205. 596 9-17tf
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Some one to care for
children from 8 until 5. Inquire for
Mrs. Bebee, Phelps-Dodge Store,
at Warren. 687-9-25
WANTED Dining room girl. Apply
Copper Queen hotel. 676-9-20-tf
WANTED Girl for stenography and
office work; must have experience;
good salary to right party. Apply
Bisbee Review office. 678-9-20-tf
WANTED Experienced chambermaid
at Rex Arms Apts. formerly Brooks,
O. K. street. 655-S-24
WANTED All around dishwasher;
must not be afraid of work; good
wages. Chile 'Parlor, Lowell.
666-9 24
WANTED Waitress at French Kitch
en. 614-Stf-19
Found
FOR RENT Two furnished rocms
downstairs. Gentlemen preferred.
Call 191 School Hill. 407-9-6-tf
Miscellaneous
AN UKULELE CLASS is being or
ganized by Miss Clara Pearson,
who came recently from Honolulu.
The first lesson will be given at
6:30 p. m., September 30, at Y. W.
C A.; $5 will pay for a course of
ten lessons, one each week. The
first ten enrolled will be admitteu
to this class. Address General De
livery. 680-9-28
OLD AUTOS EOUGHT Wrecked oi
running. Highest prices paid. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.
Tel. 54. 683-2tp
NOTICE The party who ransacked
the room of Wm. I. Chaicey wil;
kindly return the lodge papers. He
may keep the other valuable things
but return the lodge papers.
693-9-23
BATTLE CREEK - method Swedish
and Turkish Shampoo, Massage;
salt glow fermentations given suc
cessfully. Mrs. Strebe, rear Hogan
& Seed. 62S-10-7
LOOK WELL AND FEEL WELL A
Spencer dressed corset 'for those
who wish to feel well and look well,
a corset that will give a perfect
figure and correct posture; also the
famous Spencer surgical and ab
dominal belt for hernia, rupture,
floating kidneys and posis, for aen
and women; a special design for
each customer. See Mrr- Knox, res
idence 11 Superior Hill. Phone 778.
497-S-26
JOHNSON HOTEL, under new man
agement; all remodeled. Mrs. A.
512-10-13
BUY A UOSSARD CORSET to look
well and feel well; all corsets fitted
by Ines Warburton. Price $2.50 up.
Next to Arizona Grocery Sto-e.
Phone 841. 509-9-25
PAINTING AND PAPER HANGING,
A. R. Wilson, Phone 325, Superior
house, Lowell. 691-9-30
SIGN SHOP Phone 610. F. E. Han
cock. 10-5
WE BUY AUTOS T WRECK We
buy rag sacks. c?t iron, rubber,
metals, hides, pelts. Call Arizona
Junk company. Phono 446. 284-tf
BISBEE JUNK ND AUTO WRECK
ING CO. Highest l.rices for rags,
rubber, metal, iron, hides, wool or
pelts. We buy old aiitos for wreck
ing. Phone 54 anl we will call.
Johnson addition, opposite Johnson
Bldg. 263-8-28tf
LET PHILLIP DOFFMAN, the tailor.
make your suit to order, right here.
Cleaning and pressing. 8, Allen
block. 171-9-22
Wanted
WANTED Two or three rooms fur
nished; must be modern for man
and wife; no sick, no children. Ad
dress P. O. box 1196. 618-9-19tf
WANTED To sell 600 Rhares Canion
Air Brake stock, $1 per hare. Ad
dress M. H., care oi the Review.
b3 9 23
WANTED CLEAN RAGS. Wc pay
high prices.
Phone 39, Bisbee Re-
view.
352-tf
WANTED To rent or lease, 3 or 4
room furnished house with yard,
in Bisbee; no hills. Phone 346 bet.
9 and 5 o'clock, or call room 4. Shat-
tuck Bldg. 634 9 23
LOST
LOST Between the Library building
and the C. and A. Dispensary, la
dies' waifh with fob. "M;thel" en
graved on front case. Return to Red
Cross office ind receive reward.
2 times
SUBSCRIBE FOR THF.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, Sept. 22. Trading in
the stock market today was cautious,
but the beginning of the long heralded
strike in the steel industry did not ex
ert so great an influence on prices as
had bene feared. There were several
reversals after the irregular opening,
but at no time was there any pro
nounced pressure against long hold
ings, that fact evidently making an
impression upon the short interest.
Steel equipments and various other
industries whose operations hinge
largely on the outcome of the labor
situation were well supported, the new
exceptions being limited to utilities
and minor speculative issues.
Much of the market's strong under
tone was attributed to lack of outside
interest, public participation having
steadily dwindled to slender dimen
sions, with consequent strengthening
of the technical position, ever since
the first sign of industrial unsettle
ment. United States Steel common ranged
between 100 and 102, closing at
the top. Bethlehem and Lackawanna
were firm and Crucible gained 4
points. Sales amounted to 800,000
shares.
;. Liberty bonds were firm, but the
general list was uncertain, some trans
actions in utilities reflecting pressure.
Total 3ales, par '- value, aggregated
$12,250,000.
Old United Siates bonds were un
changed on call.
THE COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Sept. 22. Cotton clos
ed strong at a net advance of 125 to
235 points.
THE METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Sept. 22. Lead, easy;
spot $6.12; spelter steady; spot East
St. Louis delivery $7.00; bar silver.
1.14,i; copper, quiet, 23c.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations September 22 1919
NEW YORK STOCKS
American Can ....t: . 57
American Car 132
American Beet 87
American Sugar 1314
American Locomotive 10694
American Linseed 81
American Smelters 75
American Tel. and Tel. x 98
Atchison l. ; 90
Allis ! : 44
Baldwin Locomotive 129
Uethlehem Steel
Baltimore and Ohio
Canadian Pacific
Caddo
Cerro
Central Leather .
C. F. and I.
C. and O.
97
40
151
35
53
98
43
56
182
96
234
78
84
41
29
or -i
Crucible Steel
Dutch
General Motors
Goodrich Rubber
Great Northern pfd ...
Great Northern Ore ...
Gaston
international Nickel .
to 74.
Industrial Alcohol 133
Maxwell Motors
Marine
Marine pfd .
Mexican Petroleum
Missouri Pacific
45
58
117
215
27
86
72
9
52
61
21
78
90
112
41
100
24
59
113
41
22
13
83
49
266
101
121
4
14
42
.72
415
17
Northern Pacific
New York Central
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas
Pierce Arrow
Pierce Oil ... :. .
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber ,.
St. Paul I
Southern Pacific .
Southern Railway
Sinclair Oil
Studebaker
NEW YORK COPPERS
Old Dominion
Ray Con
Shattuck
Utah Copper
Texas Pacific
Texas Oil
Tebacco Products .
Union Pacific
BOSTON COPPERS
Adventure
Arc
Arizona Coml
Allouez
Calumet and Arizona
C. and H f.
Centralia
Copper Range 51
Daly West
Davis Daly ..
Frank
3
10
4
5
7
1
6
9
70
23
16
11
Helv
Hancock
Ket.ntnaw
l-ilio Copper
Muy Old Colony ....
Mohawk
Now Cornelia
North Butte
Nip
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
Take notice that F. A. Caston, R. C. Laney and O. J. Nelson,
a co-partnership d tng business under the firm name 01
"V;mcn-Lowell Stage Line." hereby cive notice that they have
filctl an application ith 1 ho Arizona Corporation Commission
for a Certificate of Convenience and Necessity, and that said
application has been set for hearing by said Arizona Corpora
tion Commission, at the City Hall. Bisbce, Arizona, at 9:30
A. M.. Wednesday, September 24th, 1919, for the purpose of
considering siid application.
; j The order scttine suld; njattser.j for investigation being
'"Application lor- Certi'licaJes' pf Necessity and Convenience by
Operators of Automobiles as Common Carriers of Passengers,
Freight and Express, in Bisbee and Vicinity," bears Docket No.
(ISO-A 17.
First publication September 20, 1919.
WARREN-LOWELL STAGE LINE
By F. A. CASTON, Secretary.
LEASED WIRE
Osceola
Fond Creek
Quincy
Roy
Shannon
Ventura
Utah Con ...
Victoria
Winona
Wolv
58
23
68
33
2
17
9
3
2
25
1
1
9-16
2
6
1
25
63c
3
28c
5
4
40
48
52c
NEW YORK CURBS
Aritex
American Roy
Big Ledge .
Calumet and Jerome
Cresson Gold
Con Copper
Con Arizona
Denn :
Dundee
Gadsden
Green Monster mid
Hecla
Howe Sound
Hull Copper
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami
9
2
4
44
.
24
5
169
6
11
2
7
4
2
2
7
Porphyry
Ray Hec. ..
Silver King .
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Jerome Verde
Merrict
Wright Martin
Mid West Rfg
Night Hawk
Cosden
Federal Oil
Island Oil
Glen Rock
Okmulgee
Mid West Rfg
Sai-ulpa
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
OATMAN
Bid
9
3
11
4
6
18
...167
.447
Ask
10
4
15
12
5
7
21
169
72
Ask
387
37
60
52
ii
600
150
662
Big Jim
Gold Ore
Gold Dust
wold Cliff .
L.ucky Boy
Sunnyside -
felluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
Red Lion ..
OTHER CURBS
Bid
-375
28
63
50
50
.212
65
-.500
Gadsden 1
Crcen Monster
Dunee
Jerome Verde
Magma Chief
Wolv Arizona
Verde Combination
Night Hawk
Kay Copper ...
Con Cepper Mines
..-637
40
Bid
1.55
.S5
.90
Nacozari Consolidated
" OIL STOCKS
Big 4
Duke of Dublin
El Paso Ranger .
El Paso Burkburnett
Gilbert True
King 8
Ocean
45
Ask
1.65
1.00
1.00
98.50
.85
3.75
2.60
2.10
4.00
2.40
1.00
1.20
1.00
.75
3.25
2.50
Ranger Central 1.95
Ranger O. and G.
Ranger Burk 2.25
Southland
Silver Cycle 1.05
Texas Crude ..,
Weimar '
a.50
2.10
Comanche County
Southwestern
1.90
1.50
.50
.3f
1.00
Southwestern
"Option"
Calumet Oil
Bisbee-Texas .
Polyanna Corps Will
Hold Picnic Today
The Polyanna Busy Bee Agendia
corps of the girls' reserve will have
a Bacon Bat" at Highland park this
evening. The girls will leave the
Y. W. C. A. proiuntlv at 3 o'clock.
returning efbore dark.
Fifteen girls, with Mrs. Cummincs
and Miss Greelev. had a sunrise
breakfast of bacon and eggs at the
divide yesterday morning. As "the
girls hiked to the place and were
hungry when they got there, the
breakfast was a great- success.
Business Locals
Public typing and stenography!
neatly and accurately done. For
terms address M. E., care Bisbee'
Daily Review. 6S6-10-3
Dr. D. C. Brown will, within a few
days, taken an office over the Eagle
theater and go into private practice.
He has been m Chicago this summer!
and previously, taking post graduate
work in Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.
His practice will be this special work
together with general medicine.
604-9-23
Moon Rearrested
On Second Charge
Chet Moon, who is accused on two;
counts of robbing the safe of the'
Treu Meat market on the night of
Sept. 16, was taken to Tombstone on!
Sunday by George Henshaw, under-j
sheriff. The loot taken from thej
meat market consisted of $2500 in1
cash and jewels, about $800 of which1
belonged to E. A. Tovrea. After hav-j
Ing been released from custody under j
$5,000 bond on a charge of sare-!
cracking.Moon was remanded to Jaii1
on a charge preferred by Tovrea for'
the theft of the $800. Bond in tnt1
second case was set at $5,000 also,!
which Moon failed to raise. I
No Job of printing too email, none
too large. It you want it done right
Phone 39. Review.
DON'T BE WITHOUT
SLOAN'SLINIMENT
Keep It ha ndy it knows no equal
in relieving pains and aches
SLOAN'S LINIMENT has been
sold for 38 years. Today, it is
more popular than ever. There
can be but one answer it produces
results.
Applied without rubbing, it fenttratts
to the afflicted part, bringing relief
from rheumatic twinges, sciatica, sore,
stiff, strained muscles, lame back, and
other exterior pains and sprains and
the result of exposure. It leaves no
mussiness, stain, clogged pores.
Get a large bottle for greater econ
omy. Keep it handy for use when
needed. Your druggist has it. Three
sizes 35c, 70c., $1.40
SQUEEZED
TO DEATH
When the body begins to stiffen
and movement becomes painful it
is usually an indication that the
kidneys are out of order. Keep
these organs healthy by taking
C0LD.MEDAL
The world's standard remedy for kidney,
liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Famous since 1696. Take regularly and
keep in good health. In three sizes, all
druggists. Guaranteed as represented.
Look fof tha ammo Cold Medal on irur bos
ad cept bo imitation
NOTICE
N. S. Mickel of Bisbee has
made application before the
Arizona State Corporation Com
mission for a certificate of con
venience or necessity to open
ate an automobile for hire in
Bisbee and vicinity. Proper
papers have .been filed with the
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion and a hearing will be held
thereon at the City Hall in Bis
bee, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 1919,
at 9:30 a. m.
NOTICE
Joseph Segar of Bisbee has
made application before the
Arizona State Corporation Com
mission for a certificate of con
venience or necessity ro operate
an automobile for hire in Bis
bee and vici lity. Proper papers
have been filed with (he Ari
zona Corporation Commission,
and a hearing will be held
thereon at the Cty Hall of Bis-'
bee. Wednesday, Sept. 24, 1919,
at 9:30 a. m.
NOTICE
D. T. Stelson of Lowell has
made application before the
Arizona State Corporation Com
mission for a certificate of con
venience or necessity to oper
ate an automobile for hire in
Bisbee and vicinity. Proper'
papers have hon riled with the
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion and a hearing will bo hold
thereon at the City Hall in Kis
be?. Wednesday, Sept. 24, 1919,
at 9:30 a. in.
Copper Queen Hotel and iugh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la cute prices.
A Special 75c luncheon daily. Also $1.25 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 :30 p. m. Regular Board by the month $-15.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker I
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Cututh, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION "GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOCKS
North Tip Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG., MAIN STREET
PHONE 26
BOX 1129
MADAM J. REA KEYS
CLARIVOYANT AND CRYSTAL
READER
BORN, NOT MADE
The wise man Investigates, the fool
never does. To which class do you be
long:? So positive am I of my power
10 tell the past, present and future,
and exactly what you wish to know
that I will make no charge unless you
obtain perfect satisfaction and find
me superior to all other clarivoyants.
The future can be told. Seek and
you shall find success, harmony,
peace, power and happiness.
Located permanently next door to
Lowell Waiting Iloom. Office Hours
9 a. m. to 7 p. m. Office Phone 62.
Residence Phone 621.
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car Stv
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Go.
wmcaley
TRANSFERS STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
Phone 667
Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
H. C. AYRES
Contractor and Builder
If you are planning a
home or building of any
kind, estimates furnished.
NO JOB TOO SMALL
NONE TOO LARGE
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
L. PAGE SIX
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW,
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, -191 9.
.-
.'i
. ,
. 4
TIPS OF THE TOWN
ATTORNEY RETURNS HOME.
M. I. McKilligon. assistant, county
attorney, returned to Tombstone Sun
day after completing some business
matters here.
DEATH CLAIMS YOUNG GIRL.
1 eatrice Young, the 14-year-old
daughter of Thomas Young, is dead in
Los Angeles with dropsy. fMr. Thom
as left yesterday morning for the
California city.
BREAKS LEG IN LOS ANGELES.
Ed. Hothopp, an old-time Bisbeean
who has been living in Los Angeles,
has broken a leg. according to word
received by friends here yesterday.
FORMER P.-D. MANAGER HERE.
M. J. Brophy, formerly assistant
manager of the Phelps-Dodge Mercan
tile company, is in town today from
California.
CRIPPLED MAN TRAVELS 3 YEARS,
THROUGH 19 STA TES, IN "DONKEY
SPECIAL," ON W AY TO SAN DIEGO
LOWELL GIRL LEAVES.
Miss Georgia Bohnfalk, daughter
of Constable II. II. Bohnfalk of Low
ell, left yesterday for Fort Madison (
to go to school.
Although a cripple and forced
to ride in an Invaild's chair which,
is pushed along by a mule, G. L.
Covert, with the aid of his young
son, arrived in Bisbee yesterday
afterbeing more than three years
on the road on a hiking trip from
New York to San Diego, Cal.
Covert, the cripple, is unable to
leave the chair which the little
mule patiently pushes, while the
lad walks. They left New York
on June 2, 1916, and have trav
eled through 19 states belore
reaching Arizona. They were one
whole year in the state of Texas,
where young Covert, jr., says they.
were delayed by bad roads and .
weather. Also, as the boy re
marked, it is a big state to walk
across.
The Coverts started out on the
trip with the entire family, which
included a mother and five chil
dren, but adversity compelled all
but the two who were seen on the
streets of Bisbee yesterday to
turn back. The traveling cripple
sells post cards to pay expenses
and hopes to make enough money
Young Covert is enthusiastic over
journey to make it possible to
send for the rest of his family.
YoungCovert is enthusiastic over
seeingthe world in this Gypsy -fashion.
He said that in Parkers
burg, W. Va., the mountain roads
became so bad that it was impos-
sible for the little mule to push
the wheel chair through them.
The mayor of that place gave .
them a car to get over the worst
part, and this is the only assist
ance they received.
The two expect to reach San .
Diego in about three months.
Their littlfc outfit attracts much
inrerest wherever it is seen. Tile
mule is labeled. "Ford's only ri
val; Pop can't kick but the mule
does, so keep in front "
RETURN FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mrs. A. M. Caldwell and little son
Merton returned yesterday to Bisbee
after spending six weeks in Califoi-nia.
I
LEAVE FOR NOGALES.
Edward J. Flanigan and Alexander
Murray left by auto Saturday for
Nogales on a business trip. They
will return Monday night.
PARTY GOES TO FLUX MINE.
A party including Dr. C. W. Harsle
man and J. M. "White lert yesterday
for the Flux mine. They will be back
this evening.
FORMER DEPUTY SHERIFF HERE.
Percy Bowden of the Douglas po
lice force, formerly a. deputy sheriff
of Cochise county, was in Binbee last
night to see the prize fights.
OFF FOR MOTOR TRIP.
Miss Ethel Blumve will leave Bis
bee this evening for Los Angeles,
from which place she is going to
motor to Santa Barbara and San
Francisco with friends. MiBs Blumve
will be gone about three weeks.
HERE ON BUSINESS.
Thomas Tate, who has been well
fcnown in this district for many years
and is now doing contract work on
road construction near Douglas, was
here on business yesterday.
FORMER SHERIFF HERE.
Jack Whlteof Phoenix, former sher
iff of Cochise county, was a visitor
in the district yesterday.
Four New Teachers
Appointed By Board
t
Four , new ieacner9 have accepted
-appointments, to positions in the Cen
tral school to serve under Prof. Ph
brook. They will report for duty n
the 28th of (.his month. As is cus
tomary, the four-young -women sent
their pictures along -with their ac
ceptance and all who have seen them
lend their unqualified approval of
their appointment.
The four who have been appointed
are Miss Coral Hall of Union, Iowa,
a graduate of the State Normal schou.
of Lewiston, Idaho; Miss Carol Ram
sey of Detroit, Mich., graduate of the
State Normal college of ML Pleasant,
Mich.; Mrs. Agnes N. Godbe, gradu
ate of Genesco State Normal school
of New York, and Miss Amelia Bab
cock of Kingman.' Kan., graduate ot
the University of Kansas at that
place.
A $5,000.00 stock for you to Belect
from for that printing job. Phone 39.
DOCTOR FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
What may develop into charges of a
...... .. . V " O
serious nature against a prominent
physician of Cochise county arose
yesterday in the finding of the un
developed body of an infant in a
refuse pile three miles west of Doug
las. The discovery was made by a
number of boys, who saw the child
placed in the 'rubbish heap. The
body, if is said, seemed to have been
dead about 20 hours. ,
The mother is said to be known to
the authorities, who are making . a
thorough investigation of the" case.
These officials are W. C. Jack, jus
tice; A. B. Palmer, deputy sherirf;
Sam Bouchers, deputy -sheriff, and
O. E. Jones, chief of police at Douglas.
Herbicide
Mary Says:
Just use
NEWBRO'S
HERPICIDE
in secret and see
Viow quickUj
your friends will
note the'
improvement
in yjour hair
Sod Everywhere
Applications t Barber Shops
VISITS FRIENDS IN PIERCE.
Miss Ruth Offdenkemp -left this
morning for Pierce to visit friends for
a few days. - .. t
VICTORY EUTTONS HERE.
Ex-service men who have been
waiting for their Victory buttons may
find their names on the following list
of those tor whom the ornaments
have been received at the Red Cross
office: Oris A. Adams, Herbert J. Bur
rows, Thomas Caretto, Howard Gun-
.1 .... Tt'm ' 1 ' TTononr. TTnn.-.. A !'-!
sow, Pablo Leyvas, Bert Fletcher,
Edward H. Scott, Carl O. Solms, Ed
ward Hughes 9cott.
ATARRH
For head or throat
catarrh try th
vapor treatment
vice's vapohi
"YOUR B0DYGUARD"-30?.
60MT20
t?4
. Ten Lowell men have been served
with subpoenas ordering them to ap
pear in the superior court at Tomb
stone next Monday to serve as jurors
Several more are yet to be served.
The list of ten follows: J. J. Jones,
A. D. Skinner, Victor Laitenen, R. Ii
Haverty, E. E. Haywood, G. H. Crit
tenden, A. D. Fair, E. Elmer Jack
Mills and E. J. Crouch.
VISITING FROM TYRONE.
Mrs. James S. Casey is visiting
here from Tyrone, N. M., for a few
weeks.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Arrivals at Copper Queen Hotel
yesterday were Geo. W. Hart, Doug
las; Jack" McDonald. El Paso; Arthur
FTeudenberg, El Paso; T. W. Duncan,
k San Francisco: C. Hamilton, El Paso;
T. C. Grand Pre, Chicago; F. W.
Lowery, N. Y.; F. H. Hudson, -Los
Angeles; H. B. Croll, Los Angeles,
-C. "Schwarts, Los Angeles; E. B. Wa-
stello, San Francisco; H. Bolman,
Los Angeles; G. H. Spears, Douglas;
D. W. Lewis, San Francisco; D. Doo
ley, Silver Camp; J. M. Fisher, jr..
Los Angeles; Theodore Castle, Los
Angeles; C. E. Biswell, Cananea; J,
B. Mitchell, Tucson; W. D. Gooch,
Cananea; A. A. Lyon, El Paso; W.
A. Moses, El Paso; M. P. Budd, Los
Angeles; John McK. Redmond, Fort
Bliss, Tex.; B. F. Wayne, Cananea;
D. S. Wright, Nacozari; F. A. Wilson,
Ray; G. D. Conover, J. O. Caldwell.
(ltTric
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to 11
with
ETHEL CLAYTON
.. INT
"Pettigrew's Girl"
Where a yhorils Sirl refuses a.
millionaire to wed a soldier.
She smashed a chorus girl's
tradition when she did it, but
she found a happiness greater
than wealth. How?
COME AND SEE
"Red Glove" Serial No. 7
PATHE NEWS No. 72
And a Billy West's Comedy.
One Night Only.
Thrills and Laughter
JUBILEE NIGHT
YOURSELF AND FRIENDS ARE CORDIALLY
INVITED, TO ATTEND THE
BIG MASQUERADE BALL
AT THE ACADEMY
FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 26TH
A Real Jubilee Time With Ral Jazz Music. Valuable Prizes
Given for the Best Costumes.
MRS. SALE GILBERT
DANCING BEGINS AT 8:30. Masks OFF AT 10:30
American Legion Dance
GIVEN BY (ROY O. FOURR POST No. 4)
FRIDAY, SEPT. 26, SCHEFFLIN HALL
.TOMBSTONE
FIRST CAVALRY JAZZ ORCHESTRA
A REAL DANCE DONT MISS IT
ADMISSION $1.00
North Tigre
Leasing Co.
When you buy slock' In the
North - Tigre Leasing Co. you
are not buying into a stock
selling or promotion, proposU
tion. You arei making an in
vestment an ' investment where
you are bound; to make sub
stantial returns on your money
within a short lime. Stop and
think where 'have you been
able heretofore, to buy stock
for 25c in a '. proposition that
had "area worth $1,500,000 actu
ally blocked out. An opportu
nity like this comes once in a
lifetime, and "we .cannot urge
you too strongly to take ad
vantage of this opportunity.
Buy now through
L J. Overlook Broker
Collins & Bretherton, Brokers.
. C. W. Boswell,
Copper Queen Hotel.
Refreshing flavor and fragrance and un-
usual mellow-mildness make Camel Ciga
rettes instantly and permanently likable!
CAMELS are a cigarette revelation ! They
are a smoke delight ! They answer the
cigarette question as it has never before been
answered. Your taste will prove that!
Camels are an expert blend of choice Turkish
and choice Domestic tobaccos which you will
greatly prefer to either kind of tobacco smoked
straight. Your test proves that!
This expert blend brings out Camels' wonder
ful cigarette qualities. It eliminates any un
pleasant cigaretty aftertaste or any unpleasant
cigaretty odorl It also makes possible Camels'
enticing mildness while retaining the full
'body" of the tobaccos.
No matter how much you like Camels and
how liberally you smoke them, they will not
tire your taste !
For your own satisfaction compare Camels
with any cigarette in the world at any price !
Camel are mold ererywhere In
scientifically ted package
of 30 cigarette.; or fan pack
aei 200 cigarettes) in a
gleaaiile-paper-coveredcerton.
We strongly recommend thim
carton for the home or office
eupply ot when you travel.
18 cents a package
6L'
rv.:
f.r
r
J 1 t j REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.
m OX--y. Wintton-SaJem. N C -
j If ,yoii Jiad feeein
Demonstration Garde
(NEAR COUNTRY CLUB, WARREN)
FIRST CLASS TOMATOES FOR SALE
WE ARE NOW PLANTING FALL CROPS OF
VEGETABLES COME OUT AND .WATCH
THEM GROW
DEMONSTRATION GARDENS
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
Hey! , ,
Here's A Funny
One
Nothing Wrong With This
but the Title and that's?
"All Wrong"
SEE
BRYANT WASHBURN
IN
"All Wrong"
A Joyous Five-act Comedy
Also a Swell Star and
Vitagraph Comedy
Coming Saturday
"THE TURN IN THE
EAGLE
THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 11
SEE
Hale Hamilton
MAKE
"$5,000 An Hour"
A Whirlwind Metro
Comedy Feature
International Screen
Magazine
Billy Parson
IN
Circumstantial
Evidence"
Coming Sunday
1
S - 'I m
. . P" ' I If ,w
1 Slaove ofi r
HERE she comes, homeward bound, witlyVa -
1 bone ki her teeth", and a record for looking
into many strange ports in six short months.
If you had been one of her proud sailers you a
would have left New York City in January, '
been at Santiago,' Cuba, in February, gone
ashore at Port of Spain, Trinidad, in March and .
stopped at Brest, France, in April to bring the .
President home. In May the Arizona swung at
her anchor in the harbor of Smyrna.Turkey.
In jurie she rested under the shadow of Gibral
tar and in July she was back in New York harbor.
Her crew boasts that no millionaire tourist
ever globe-trotted like this. There was one period
of four weeks in which the crew saw the coasts of
North America, South America, Europe, Asia
and Africa.
An enlistment in the navy gives yoa
a chance at the education of travel 1
Your mind is quickened by contact with
pew people, new places, new ways of doing :
things. " ' ; 1 ! , :
Pay begins the day you join.' On board
ship a man is always learning. There is work .
to be done and he is taught to do it well.
Trade schools develop skill, industry and
business ability. Work and play are planned
by experts. Thirty days furlough (vacation)
each year with full pay. The food is good. A
1 full outfit of clothing is provided free. Pro-
- motion . is unlimited for men of brains. You
can enlist for two year and come out broader,
stronger, abler. The Navy made a man of
me" is an expression often heard. '.
' Apply at any recruiting station if yoa are
over 17, There yoa will get full in forma- '
tion. If youcan't find the recruiting station,
ask your Postmaster. He knows.
j lrill "1
ADMISSION:'
1 Main Floor - 15c
Balcony 10c
Reserved 25c
"THE TURN IN THE
ROAD"
ROAD"
Plus War Taxes.