COPPER PRICE
Average price of copper,
Engineering and Mining
Journal quotation, for Sept.,
21.755; Oct. 21.534, Nov.
19.758.
WEATHER
Arizona: Wednesday and
probably Thursday fair. Lit
tle change in temperature.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 286
EIGHT PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
EIGHT PA
PRICE FIVE CENTS
V-
84 INTERNATIONAL AND DISTRICT
UNITED MlfJE WORKERS" OFFICERS
CHARGE
0 WITH COURT CONTEMPT
FOR VIOLATION
Acting President Lewis, the Secretary -Treasurer, Percy
Tetlow and Official ! Magazines Editor Included In
Those Named in Information; Attorney in
Charge of Case. Will Push Prosecu
tions ; Benefits Paid. Charge
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 3 The
United States government today
again invoked the powers 6t the fed
eral courts in an effort to end the
strike of 400,000 bituminous coal
miners of the country.
Information charging criminal con
tempt of court was filed in the
United States district court against
Ji4 international and district officers
of the United Mine Workers, named
in the court injunction issued imme
diately after the strike was called,
rnd requiring their appearance to an
swer the charges. It is alleged that
nil of the officers have conspired to
keep the strike in force and thu3
have violated the terms of the in
junction. Acting President J. L. Lewis, Secretary-Treasurer
William Green,
Percy Tetlow, statistician, and Ellis
Searles, editor of the Mine Workers'
Journal, the only officials of the or
ganization in Indianapolis, were no
tified of the action and agreed to re
port in court tomorrow to furnish
bond "fixed at ?10.000 by Federal
Juige Anderson. Other officials in
the jurisdiction of the federal court
here, who Include Edward Stewart
and William Mitch .of Terre- Haute,
officials of District No. 11 of the
Mine Workers, will be served as soon
as possible and required to appear
at 10 o'clock next Tuesday morning
for hearing. a
Dan W. Simms. special United
Emperor Decorates
U. S. Naval Officer
BOSTON. Dec. 3. Rear Admiral
Herbert O. Dunn was notified today
that the emperor of Japan had con
ferred upon him the decoration of the
order of the Rising Sun. The decora
tion will be presented to him Friday
morning at the Japanese embassy at
Washington. The honor is on ac
count of aid Rear Admiral Dunn ren
dered to Japanese ships that became
disabled in the vicinity of the Azores.
SWISS PRESIDENT RETURNS
BRUSSELS. Dec. 3. Gustav Ador,
president of Switzerland, left for
home today after a brief visit here.
King Albert acocmpanied him to the
station. ,
MEXICAN EMBASSY RECEIVES
NO CONFIRMATION OF REPORTS
VILLA'S CAPTURE AT PARRAL
JUAREZ, Mexico, Dec. 3. (By the Associated Pres.) Vigorous
efforts were made tonight by civil and military officials here to
obtain official information regarding the reported capture of Fran
cisco Villa near Parral, which was announced late today in a message
received by W. P. Caballero, superintendent of the National Railways
ofMexico for Chihuahua, who is here on an inspection trip. Up to
7:30 o'clock no confirmation f the report had been received.
The first word of the reported capture was given to The Asso
ciated Press by Senor Caballero. Later it was explained that the
report had come from a telegraph operator at Parral, by way of
Jiminez and Chihuahua City, and thence to Juarez.
Ignacio Bon i I las, Mexican ambassador at Washington, tele
graphed Andres G. Garcia, (Mexican consul general at El Paso, asking
confirmation of the rumor. Senor Garcia replied that he was pushing
strenuously to obtain official advices, and that he would advise the
Mexican embassy as soon as he succeeded.
General J. Gonzalo Escobar, commander of the Juarez district,
said tonight that he had dispatched a telegram to General . Manuel
M. Dieguez, commander of military operations in the north, who is
now reported ta be in Jiminez, Chihuahua.
' General Dieguez has a force of 17,000 operating in the northern
zons, it is said.
"If Villa has not been captured now and I have strong hopes
that he has been he will be caught soon within two months at tho
outside," General Escobar said.
DOUBT REPORT IN EL PASO.
EL PASO, Texas, Dec. 3. Reports of the capture of Francisco
V.lla, Mexican rebel leader, near Parral, were received in certain
quarters here with some degree of doubt. It was olnted out that
the insurgent chieftain is too wily and has his men under too great
control to permit any of them-to desert under the circumstances
given in the earlier reports. It was not believed that the "Attila of
the North" would llow himsolf to be trapped in so simp'e a way.
OF INJUNCTION
States district attorney In charge of
enforcement of the injunction, stated
today that the proceedings against
the miners representatives will be
pushed and that removal proceedings
to obtain the appearance in court
here of officers' who reside outside ;
of Indiana will be instituted at once.,
Mr. Simms announced that pro
ceedings against officers of two lo
cals at Clinton, Ind., also would be
instituted very soon, charging them
specifically with violations of the in
junction by payment of strike bene
fits to miners. Officials of local No.
2, he declared, had paid benefits by
check, attempting to conceal the real
nature of the action by stating that
they were for over-payment of dues.
Local No. 39, he said, drew one check
for S800 and distributed currency
among its members.
In connection with the issuance of
strike benefits, Mr. Simms again de
clared that the injunction extends to
any person, whether, or not a miner,
who in any way encouraged the
strike and said that banks which hon
ored checks drawn against a strike
benefit fund were liable to prosecu
tion. Mr. Simms stated that the citations
against the men named today were
only a start in the prosecutions
against alleged violators of the in
junction and that the action might be
expected soon'.
30 Are Injured In
Texas R.R. Wreck
FRUITLAND, Tex., Dec. 3 Thirty
one persons were Injured and about
20 others shocked and bruised when
five coaches of a Fort Worth . and
Denver passenger train were derail
ed near here today. The Injured were
sent to Fort Worth late this after
noon. A spreading rail is supposed
to have caused the wreck.
The injured include Miss Emma
Glenn of Boise Idaho, cut about the
head and shoulders.
GOES TO EL PASO.
NOGALES, Ariz., Dec. 3. Colonel
Paulino Fontes, director general of
the National Railways of Mexico, leit
here this afternoon for El Paso, Tex.
Coal Shortage Has
Little Effect
In Phoenix
PHOENIX, Dec. 3. Or
ders to close theaters ,
schools and other institu
tions in the interest of fuel
conservation nonplussed the
city commission today for a
while. The order came from
the local fuel administration.
Investigation' disclosed that
none of the institutions .af
fected were using coal, there
being none available. All
were using wood, and fur
ther inquiry indicated that
the city was practically on a
wood fuel basis. Street and
other lighting will not be
curtailed, it was said, be
cause the electricity used
here is generated by water
power. . .
CDAL STRIKE IS
SUFFERING
Industry in Country Will Be
Paralyzed Soon Unless Coal
Miners Return to Work;
No Relief in Sight
CHICAGO, Dec 3. There were al
most no reports of increased produc
tion of soft coal today, but industry
generally felt the shortage of fuel re
sulting from the miners' strike and
more shutdowns, restrictions and add
ed reports of distress, especially in
the west and southwest, marked the
of several states were
more active and regional local offi
cials and committees clamped on
tigher restrictions.
Federal troops were ordered to Ok
lahoma tonight to protect volunteer
miners.
Governor Gardner of Missouri an
nounced that the state would take
over the Barton county surface mines
for operation by volunteers unless the
miners returned to work by tomorrow
night. Some state troops were on the
ground and others on the way.
In Kansas, where Governor Allen
initiated the volunteer mining system
in the surface mines, eleven such
mines were operating today. A Santa
Fe switching crew refused to handle
nonunion men to some of the mines.
Governor MtKelvia , of Nebraska
continued to enlist volunteer worlf
ers for mines' in nearby states and
an offer was made to send some of
them to Missouri.
Wyoming was made to face the
volunteer system as a result of the
chaotic situation in that state when
some mines were working and others
idle, although the union officials had
ordered the strikers back to work and
announced union benefits would be
withheld. - .
Chicago and northern illinois indus
try and business will go on 6V-hour
basis tomorrow, according to plans
decided on today.
Southern Illinois business leaders
and public utilities representatives
agreed on a 7-hour day for most busi
ness in that section.
Iowa coal operators prepared an ul
timatum giving the union miners un
til December 8 to return to work or
the mines would be reopened with
whatever competent labor vras obtain
able. Numerous telegrams and telephone
mesages informed Governor Gardner
of Misosuri of little coal reserves and
urging immediate action. The gover
nor commended as "humane and pa
triotic" the uction of miners at Tren
ton, Mo., who declared they would re
turn to work because they would not
see their neighbors freeze.
Precariocsly low fuel supplies were
left in eastern Washington with four
degrees below. . zero recorded there
today.
Industries at Gary, Ind., were hard
hit today when the American Sheet &
Tin Plate mills were reported closed.
The plant employ 8.0on men.
N 1
flfl
II!
EFE1ANT
NEWBERRY
CASE ENTERS
GUILTY PLEA
20 Prominent Men of Michi
gan Appear For Hearing;
Majority Stand Mute
or Plead Not Guilty
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Dec. 3.
Twenty defendants, many of them
prominent in the official life of
Michigan, appeared before Federal
Judge C W. Sessions today to plead
to indictments charging corruption,
fraud and conspiracy in connection
with nomination an3 election of Tru
man H. Newberry, United States sen
ator from Michigan.
With one exception the defendants,
who include a prominent clergyman,
either stood mute or pleaded not
guilty and were released on $1000
bond.
Willis V. Capron of Frankfort
pleaded guilty to three of six counts
dealing with the activities in the
primary campaign. Others of state
wide prominence, who appeared for
arraignment, included:
State Senators Charles J. Deland
of Jackson and William M. Connelly
of Spring Lake; Thomas Bigger, box
ing commissioner; Samuel O'Dell of
Shelby, member of public utility
commission; John W. Dunn of Stand
ish, for 20 years judge of the Arenac
county probate court; Earl J. Davis
of Saginaw; Albert M. Berger, a
Benton Harbor manufacturer; Rev.
J. B. Hewlett of Flint; W. J. Deevy,
Antrim county clerk; Timothy Ryan.
Jackson, and William B. Wilson, an
officer of the Grand Rapids typo
graphical union.
Mr. O'Dell, Who is a former state
treasurer, requested an early trial,
and issued a statement, denying
charges that he bad anything to do
with the Newberry campaign. It is
understood O'Dell was charged with
urging James W. Helme, former dairy
and food commissioner, to enter the
nrimarv race against Henry Ford.
presumably for the purpose of split
ting the Democratic ranns.
statement O'Dell declares he did sug
gest that Helme seek the nomination
but without intention of aiding the
Newberry campaign:
Abolish Excess Tax
Urges Secy. Glass
and Increase Tax
On Average Incomes
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3 Revision
of the revenue laws, so as to place a
heavier burden of taxes on the normal
income was urged by Secretary Glass
in his annual report today to con
gress. Mr. Glass declared that the excess
profit tax provisions of the present
law should be eliminated and the rev
enue thus sacrificed' be made up from
an increase in the taxes on the aver
age income.
Revenue derived from the lower
amounts assessed under sur-tax pro
visions of the law may well be in
creased, said Mr. Glass, who added
that the topmost amounts listed un
der these provisions already had pass
ed their usefulness. The only conse
quence of increasing the tax on the
larger sums under the sur tax law. he
said, would be to drive "possessors of
great incomes to invest their wealth
in billions of state and municipal se
curities" which are wholly tax-exempt.
The treasury plan seeks to raise
more reverue from incomes above
$4,000 without attempting to disturb
(incomes of persons whose salaries
I barely meet living costs, as any
I change in that tax would only add a
burden on a class unable to bear it.
APPEALS TO CITIZENS
SEATTLE, Dec. 3. Appeal to all
patriotic organizations to unite in a j
statewide campaign to teacn ana
preach patriotism and combat rad
icalism through education was made
by Governor Louis F. Hart In an ad
dress here today at a meeting of coun
ty chairmen of the Loyal League of
Washington, recently formed to
spread patriotic doctrines.
'Pussyfoot' Johnson
Doesn't Want to
Accept Fund
LONDON, Dec. 3. Wil
liam E. Johnson, the Amer
ican anti-saloon organizer,
for whom the Evening
News opened a testimonial
because of injuries received
in a recent "ragging" by
students, has written to the
newspaper asking that the
money thus raised be sent to
St. Dunstan's hospital for
blind. A considerable sum
already had been subscribed
to the fund.
Mr..Joh nson, whose eye
was remved a few days ago,
is progressing satisfactorily,
and will leave the nursing
home tomorrow.
TE
PROBE TRADE
Senator Watson's Charge That
rjnpioyes Were Engaged In
Spreading Radical Prop
aganda Considered ..
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Full in
vestigation of the federal trade com
mission was ordered today by the
senate, without a dissenting vote on
a resolution directing a general in
quiry by the interstate commerce
committee into the commission's ac
tivities and also into charges by
Senator Watson) Republican. Indiana,
that some of its employes have been
engaged in radical propaganda. Hear
ings probably will not begin until
January, as both senate and commit
tee are busy with railroad legisla
tion. A sub-committee headed by
Senator Watson will be appointed
next week, however, to conduct the
investigation.
The resolution provides for an in
quiry of wide scope. As originally
proposed by Senator Watson, it cov
ered only alleged radical activities
of commission employes. As amend
ed by the senate, however, it author
izes inquiry into a report as to its
value as a federal agency. Chairman
Cummins of the interstate commerce
committee proposed this amplifica
tion of the committee's powers. Pro
tracted hearings are expected to deal
in detail with criticism and defense
of the commission and its activities,
especially in reference to the com
mission's investigation of the meat
packers.
Adoption of the resolution was
marked by brief but general criticism
of radicalism and propaganda. Sena-l
tor Watson reiterated his charges
that commission employes are active
in radical socialistic efforts. Sena
tor Walsh, Democrat, Montana, de
clared that political views of federal
employes should not be called into
question if th employe properly per
formed his official duties.
Carlisle Will Live
UnlessWounds Are
Infected, Is Belief
DOUGLAS. Wyo.. Dec. 3. William
Carlisle, train bandit captured yester
day after bein shot in the right lung
by Sheriff A. S. Roach of Wheatland,
will recover unless pneumonia devel
ops or infection sets in, according to
physicians. As soon as he has re
covered it was said he probably will
be returned to the state prison at
Laramie to serve out his unexpired
term of fifty years.
A statement purporting to come
from Carlisle, that he was unarmed,
was repudiated tonight by Dr. W. L.
Btory, his physician. Sheriff Roach
asserted the bandit was armed.
PERUVIAN CABINET RESIGNS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. The Peru
vian cabinet has resigned in a body.
the state department was advised to-.
SENA
ORDERS
corns
SION
RESOLUTIDN IS INTRODUCED TO
SEVER RELATIONS WITH NEHG0:
SEN. flSHURST
TD PROTECT 0
Senator Fall Declares He Has Evidence That "Will Astound
the World, " Indicating That His Investigations
Unearth Plots of Mexican Embassy In U. S.
to Spread Bolshevik Propaganda With
Knowledge of Pres. Carranza
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. President
Wilson was requested in a resolution
introduced in the senate to sever dip
lomatic relations with Mexico.
The resolution was offered by Sen
ator Fall of New Mexico, who as
chairman of a sub-committee investi
gating the Mexican situation, de
clared evidence had been found which
"would astound the world."
It also asked that the president
withdraw recognition of the Carranza
government. Senator Fall boldly
charged that the Mexican embassy,
the consulate generals in New York
and San Francisco and the consulates
along the border with the knowledge
and consent of President Carranza,
had been actively engaged In the
spreading of Bolshevist propaganda in
the United States. Evidence, it was
said, would be forthcoming to bear
out the charge.
By this resolution, which was sent
to the senate foreign relations com
mittee for consideration tomorrow,
the whole Mexican problem, admit
tedly grave in view of the refusal of
the Carranza government to release
Consular Agent Jenkins was laid be
fore the Mexican government on Mon
day. Word to this effect reached the
department today, but there was no
intimation as to when an answer
might be expected.
An early report from the committee
on the Fall resolution is expected and
this will put the question squarely be
fore the senate, aroused to a high
pitch by recent murders of Americans
in Mexico and the treatment of the
American consular agent.
While Senator Fall did not indicate
the exact nature of his evidence, it
was said that he had obtained photo
graphic copies of correspondence that
would clearly show secret operations
of the Mexican president and his rep
resentatives in this country. There
also was introduced in the senate a
resolution by Senator Ashurst of Ari
zona authorizing the secretary of war
to use the nation's forces for protec
tion of its people on their own side of
the border. For eight years, Senator
Ashurst said, he had been waiting for
the army to protect American resi
dents along the border and he felt
that the time had come for action.
In the house there was a flare up
of the Mexican situation. Represen
tative Caldwell, New York, declaring
it was so bad that before many days
HIRAM JOHNSON LEADING FIELD
IN FIRST DAY'S RETURNS FROM
REVIEW STRAW VOTE CONTEST
Keen interest is being taken throughout the Warren District in the presi
dential race in 1920, judging from the number of filled-in coupons which
poured in upon the political editor yesterday, the first day of the straw vote
presidential nomination contest being conducted by The Review.
Of the many coupons received, Senator Hiram Johnson of California
leads for the Republican nomination, as well as in total number of votes
while William G. McAdoo leads for the Democratic nomination. General
Leonard Wood is running well up in the Republican race. Among others;
Governor Frank Lowden of Illinois apparently has a local following.
The full results of the straw vote will not be announced until all. the
coupons are counted at the end of ten days, but an intimation will be given
each day as to how the vote is progressing.
Fill in the coupon below with the name of your favorite, and address it
to "Political Editor, Bisbee Daily Review." Names are required to be signed
to the coupons o as to validate the count and prevent "ballot-stuffing," but
these names are considered in the strictest confidence, and will under no
circumstances be published.
Get in the game and help your favorite to run up the biggest vote in tho
Warren District. This is the second day of the voting." Fill in the coupon
bel-ow. H'ly
WHO'ISYOUR
- w.-xxsr f5tir-v,T- ' "
t'.My Choice far the
ft
in 1920 is
I f?vor him because
il
Siqnd
ASKS
FOR TROOPS
ORDER AMERICANS
the country might be at war. Sinco
the opening of the session there had
been indications that congress would
take the Mexican bit by the ter-ih, de
mand the release of Jenkins and pro
tection of lives of Americans In that
country, but the resolution requesting
the president to break off relations,
the next thing to actual declaraion of
war, showed that action or some kind
would not be long delayed.
Everywhere the impression pre
vailed that Senator Fall's committee
and officials of the state department
were in close and thorough accord.
Before the resolution was Introduced
Senator Fall conferred with Henry P.
Fletcher, American ambassador, who
for some months has been handling
Mexican afafirs at the state depart
ment. The department archives have
been opened to the foreign relations
committee without reservation and
members of the committee said there
existed a complete understanding
with the department.
How senate might act on the pro
posal for an open break with Mexico
was not altogether clear tonight, but
it was said that Republicans would
vote almost solidly for it, and that
they would have soine Democrats as
supporters.
Senator Shields of Tennessee, a
member of the foreign relations com
mittee, speaking for the floor when
the resolution was offered, declared
"the United States had had occasion
IX declare war against Mexico for the
last five years."
When word .reached the house that
there might soon be an open rupture
with Mexico, members said it had
long been expected and there were re
ports that Republicans in the house
would vote for the resolution when it
goes there for action.
K.C. Switchmen Meet
to Consider Strike
CHICAGO, Dec. 3. Switchmen of
Chicago were in session all day and
until a late hour tonight discussing
grievances of the brotherhood of rail
way trainmen. A. E. Crowder. a mem
ber of a local union, acted as spokes
man, but said no action had been de
cided upon. Others admitted they ex
pected the meeting would urge a gen
eral strike of trainmen.
CANDIDATE?!
.....nomination for President
1 . PAGE TWO
T1TE BISBEE DAILY RETPW
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
ia
JM?S1 IN
ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
UdLiIliiliiIi!liilil!iuIllluiiiiiiiilii
;!)V'::ii'imvrp'!!!; jt;ii(i!i!fti;;j'jit:;iiHi
I'm 'itir1!'1"!!1!1!!1'''!''' :"'!,ir!i!l:;jTi'!!!,V!":'":!I!,,!'i1!"!!'!!!!nj
l,'.i:,l.ti !ri. i.: : ;..:i.!!i.r;,.:i .i i..i.,::.r .i;:, r:l:ll,.. 'I..!!'.;,;,!;,!
INVASION OF ARIZONA
BY YAQUIS IS HALTED
PHOENIX, Dec. J An invasion of
Arizona by a band of several hundred
Yaqui Indians planning to secure
arms and ammunition at Tucson, was
halted Tuesday afternoon by the
.prompt action of Secretary of State
iMit Simms, acting governor during
the absence from the State of Gover
nor Thomas Campbell.
Seeking the assistance of federal
troops and state authorities. Governor
Adolfo del a Huerta, of Sonora, Mex
ico, yesterday advised acting Gover
nor Simms of Jhe movement of the
Yaqui band', wlitrh-was approaching
the international line. Huerca re
quested that thflt'Squis be prevented
from obtaining contraband war mate
rials. t
Acting Governor Simms immediate
ly telegraphed Colonel Carnaham, U.
S. military commander at Nogales,
informing him of the Yaqui move
ment. He also sent a telegram to
Sheriff Miles of Pima county, advis
ing him of Huerta's telegram. . .
Tuesday evening a second message
was received from the governor of
Sonora thanking acting Governor
Simms for his co-operation which, ac
cording tc officials of. the state house,
indicated that the Yaqui band had
been inttercepted.
14-
i gry and tired from' their long stay on
the island and from the over-exposure
'of the two days and one night dur
ing which they were lost. However,
; they recovered their strength rapidly
and escaped colds or other complica
tions which might have followed their
! experiences.
KING SENDS THANKS
TO VERDE DISTRICT
JEROME, Dec. 3. In a graciously
worded letter, King Albert of Belgium
has expressed to the Verde district
his thanks for the handsome copper
plaque which was piesented to him
on the occasion of his recent visit to
the Grand Canyon.
The kine's secretary seems to have
ACTIVITY SHOWN IN Ikn r-ithor iinnovttliTl aa tn U'linm lin
j CHC.ORIDE DISTRICT tghould dress in this matter, and he
I CHLORIDE. Dec. 3. The Chloride J finally wrote the letter to the presi
j mining district is fast coming back dent of the copper camp-of the Verde
into its own. Much new machinery district. The communication found
'is being installed on the properties I its way into the hands of Herbeit
of this district and many new prop-1 Young, who made the presentation.
erties are now being opened up. Here it is:
I Some years ago when the mining "Cincinnati, Oct. 22. 1919.
of silver ceased on account of the low "On Board Special Train.
! price of the metal, it was thought by t "The secretary of the king of the
; many that the1 industry was at an I Belgians has been directed fo have
; end. Prac.tically all the properties in the honor to express to the president
this district were closed down, as it j of the copper camp of the Verde the
did not pay sufficiently to take out 1 sincere thanks of their majes:Is for
ore running from $25 to $75 per ton. the very nice gift which has been
The price of silver has now jumped 'given to them. ' j
,to $1.34 an ounce and this same ore "They will always remember the
is worth" from $75 tci $225 per ton. warm reception that they received at
As an instance: The Distaff, now the Grand Canyon.
Second Call Issued!
For Paving Bids On
New Bisbee Highway
State Engineer Thomas Maddock
i yesterday issued a second call for bids
' for the paving of Section B of the
Bisbee-Douglas highway from Forrest
Ranch to Forrest Stationa stretch of i
.about ten miles.
I Bids for this work were first opened
j by the Board of Supervisors on No
vember 17, but were rejected as be
ing too high in the opinion of both
I the state enginee and the supervisors.
The state is now prepared to furnish
jthe contractors with additional equip
! ment for carrying on the work, and
j this, with other factors, it is believed,
i will enable lower bids on the work.
' I; is expected that the new bids
; will be opened about the first Mon
day of the new year.
I nrn nnnnn nrn nnnm mniTmn ll
f1UH LML ftiUULAMAI IUIM !
: J
STATE OF ARIZONA,
Executive department
ARIZONA NURSES HOLD
. MASS MEET IN TUCSON
. TUCSON. Dec. 3. A mass meeting
of all graduate nurses of the state
was held at the Safford school audi
torium at Tucson today at 3 p.m.
The interstate secretary, Miss Eld
redge, was present and addressed the
nurses on state and national associa
tions and war time measures.
A reception for Miss Eldredge and
visiting nurses was given at S p. m.
' "Secretariat Du Uof,
To the president- of the topper
NDIAN IS BRUTALLY
MURDERED NEAR YUMA
MESA LADS MAROONED
TWO DAYS, BUT SURVIVE
MESA, Dec. 3. Tmman Pasley
and Goorge Sirrine, the two Mesa
youths who were stranded on an Is
land in the Salt river on Thanksgiving
day and who were rescued from their
perilous position Friday evening, have
fully recovered from the effects of
their experiences. Monday they re
turned to their places in school.
Both of the boys were cold and h,un-
1
I under lease to Smith, Moore and John
son, is showing up ore in two 'of the
old drifts that is averaging better 'camp of the Verde district."
than $300 per ton. The lessees are!
even shipping tailings from the dump '
and the last car netted $10.50 peri
! tan AnnthaV - rt.A. t
'ih rt,,m Y -p, a ""X I " YUMA, Dec. 3.-The body of Jim
, the dump last Tuesday. Ore out of 1 T . i t,-
fi,io r,,(r,r io Kt-- i i T ... v Johnson, a Cocopah Indian well
this mine is being sacked and will be I , . , , j .
hin, . , ' known here, was found Monday at the
slurped, either to EI Paso or Salt , . , ,.
.. . , . , side of a road leading off the Warren-
Lake, where lead contents are paid x i i Z
for . v , ite about six miles from this city.
. ' - i The man had been brutally murdered.
' His head was nearly severed from his
j ARIZONA CATTLEMEN body, there was a big gash across his
I TO MEET IN FEBRUARY j face and eight knife wounds in his
TUCSON, Dec. 3. The annual con body. .
I vention of the Arizona. Cattle. Growers; There were evidences of a terrific
association will meet in Tucson Feb-! struggle and the murdered man put
Iruary 17, 18 and 19, 1924 The as-up a valiant fight for his life. Near
: semblage of cow raisers will, for the , where the body was found the ground
I three days of their stay, increase for a radius of forty feet bore mute
i Tucson's population by . 1,000. It is ' testimony of the fight the dead man
I planned to offer hospitality on a large ; waged .with his asailants.
j Scale. ...... j Although Johnson's pockets were
' No date for the meeting, of the turned inside out and all his valu-
j Texas Cattle Growers, which will also ables taken, the officers are working
!be held here after the-first of the on the theory that he was murdered
jyear, has yet been decided upon, but by enemies.
an effort: is being made to arrange ".' "
the time of the latter convention to WILL SELL MINING
cuuiciae wun mat ot the Arizona as-1 PROPERTY AT AUCTION
sociation.
'
12 Burros On Sale
At the City Pound
Chief of Police Kempton an
nounced yesterday that there are 12
Btray burros in the city pound, and
that -they are offered for sale. AH
the p.uimals have been in the pound
for the legal length of time, five
days, and have not been claimed by
their owners. Application for one or
more of the burros should be made
at- the police station.
A PROCLAMATION
In sympathy with the statement
issued by President Wilson and
Surgeon Rupert Flue of the Unit
ed States Public Health Service,
I desire to call the attention of the
citizens of Arizona to our tuber
culous problem. Over 150,000 per
sons die annually from tubercu
losis. On account of influenza and
examinations during me war
there has been an increase of tu
berculosis' in practically every
state in the union during the past
year. This is a terrible waste of
life when we realize that tuber
culosis come to this state every
year, and humanity demands that
we do everything we can to help
those sufferers.
Every year the National Tuber
culosis association and the var
ious state associations sell RED
CROSS CHRISTMAS SEALS to
finance this health program. This
year a special effort is being made
to interest school children and
churches, and I wish to call at
tention to December 5th, 6th and
7th, which have been designated
as special days for the selling of
seals and the preaching of health
doctrine in the schools and
churchs. The services of the
Anti-tuberculosis association in
the state were invaluable during
the influenza epidemic last year,
and I hope that Arizona will re
spond with charateristic lioerali:y
in the purchase of RED CROSS
SEALS and in the observance of
the days mentioned.
In Witness Whereof, I have
hereunto set my hand and caused
the Great Seal ot the State of
Arizona to be affixed.
Done at the Capital, Phoeniv,
this 28th day of November, 1919.
THOMAS E. CAMPBELL,
Governor.
Attest: MIT SIMMS,
Secretary of State.
Sure
Relief
. . J
" JJi
6 Bell-ans
Hot water
Sure Relief
E LL-ANS
FOR INDIGESTION
Fine' line of Fancy Box Candy, one
to five round boxes. Lowell Drug Co.
FREE Oil Maps
Large sectional Maps of the
Homer and Bull Bayou fields
FREE, at our Bisbee office on
Main street, in Reynold's Music
Shop.
G. A. R. ROSS
Dunbar and Company
Wittentfurg-Strehle j K. of C. Will H o 1 d
Case Is Continued j Dance This Evening
property and claims of the Emery-!
Whitcomb Tungsten company and the
National Tungsten company in the
Gijas district will go under the ham
mer of the sheriff on the county court
house steps on December 27, by rea-
I son of an order of said decree In
foreclosure proceedings isued yester
day In the suit of James H. Emery
against the two companies.
The judgment was secured by Mr.
Emery in February, 1919, for various
sums of money amounting to thou- j
sands of dollars.
i The milling property consists of a
number of concentrating tables.
pumps, hoists, engines, big and lit-1
j tie, escalators and stamp mills.
Examination of witnesses by the
defense in the Strehle vs. Wittenburg
case was continued yesterday and
may not reach the jury until tomor
row, according to word from Tomb-
in the Superior court. Wittenburg is ! " nd l3r&:
for $10,000", the plaintiff alleging the
former, who is a Brewery Gulch jew
eler, alienated his wife's affections.
The regular Knights of Columbus
dance will be held this evening at
jtne Knignts of Columbus nail on
J Oiera drive. The latest jazz compo
; sit ions will be played" by Becker's
crowd is an-
cipaied
Strehle's wife is the divorced wife of
Wittenburg.
PROTECT YOURSELF
AND FAMILY
Carry a Brotherhood of Amer
ican Yeomen whole life policy,
pays old age, total disability
and accident. After investigat
ing you will say it is one of the
best policies written. See Mrs.
Elizabeth Groom. Yeomen State
Deputy, over Mrs. Finlayson's
Store, Johnson Ada., or phone
local correspoident. Red 334.
i TUCSON, Dec. 3. AH the milling
107 ALLEGED WINE
MAKERS TO BE TRIED
GjLQBE, Dec. 3. Judge Sawtelle
opened the December term of the fed
eral court in this city with a calendar
crowded with civil and criminal cases.
The lobby at the federal building
presented a European aspet when 107
Austrians and Slavs filed into the
building yesterday morning. The 107
alleged violators of the war time pro
hibition act were arraigned during the
day and hearings were sent for Wed
nesday, DecemberlO.
A Photograph of Yourself
Is Always Acceptable As a
Christmas Gift
The only thing in the world you can give your friends th"t they could not buy for
themselves
All sittings up to Dec. 18th will be finished by Christmas. Open evenings during
December
Dix
"The Photographer in Your Town"
DIAMONDS
I have some very fine diamonds in 14-K'. Tiffany mountains for,,;
$37.50, a fine engagement ring for the careful, saving man. And
I 1 . i - i .
i nave them all the way up to $1500.00. It is an absolute fact that
money spent for a diamond is a splendid investment if bought at
the price I am offering them for. I have sold diamond engagement
, rings in Bisbee for over 1 5 years, and they surely prompt happy
- unions. Try one! . , .
HS-NOV
SILVER
We handle the Gorham lines in Sterling, the trade mark of which
means so much to those who know quality, and I. positively guar
antee my price to be no higher than can be found in any city or
at any catalogue house.
"
IVORY TOILET GOODS ;
Well, you should see this line.' .It's wonderful. It's com
plete. It's reasonable. See it and decide for yourselves.
STERLING TOILET SETS
In new snappy designs and we certainly know how to en
grave it. No extra charge for this service.
WATCH REPAIRING
We have expert workmen who. will repair your watches at
prices consistent with first class work and genuine? material.
Inspectors for E. P. & S. W. Ry.
I carry a full line of Clocks, Cut Glass, chains in Gold, Sil
ver and Platinum, Cuff Buttons, Diamond Set, in Silver,
Gold and Platinum, Tie-clasps, Scarf Pins, Emblem Buttons
and Charms, all sizes and prices, Fountain Pens and the
Famous Eversharp Pencils in Gold Filled, Silver and Silver
plate, Gold and Silver Thimbles, Napkin Rings, and Markers.
ers.
WATCHES
Never in the history of the watch game has there been such a short
age of American Watches. You will use judgment if you take my
advice and select your lady's or gentlemen's watch at once, with
some small payment down, for Xmas delivery. I have eighty small
Elgin watches divided between my three stores. These are in 20
year cases with a fine expansion bracelet and I am going to give a
silk ribbon bracelet with each for $20. . I have also a few very
thin 1 2 size Elgins and Walthams at the same price. All my watches
are in the 21 and 22 million number which will guide you from
getting second hand watches, which are sold in this town for new
ones. $6.50 a week from now until Xmas,1 which is aobut 8 weeks,
will pay for one. Start today with.a $6.50 payment.
THE OPTICAL DEPARTMENT .
The Optical Management and Equipment of the L. L. Gil
man Stores is equalled by few and excelled by none in the
State. Bisbee has Dr. Moore, Douglas has Dr. Gilman, and
Lowell has Dr. Winters, all of whom are very efficient
Optical Graduates, and I personally guarantee their work
to be satisfactory. All places are equipped to do lense
grinding, making the service the speediest possible. We'
solicit the rural districts, needing only a small portion of
your broken lensc to guide in duplicating.
', i ' i
I am a very big buyer and maintain that I can and will give
vestigate. I am the oldest Jewelry House in Arizona and
Xmas. Take my hunch, buy early, merchandise is scarce,
miss the money, and you will have a lovely gift that can't
CHINA
The World Famous Pickard Hand Decorated China
has no equal. A very complete line.
EDISON'S
The word Edison is sufficient to a conniscur of good
All others are imitators. Let's have the genuine.
BISBEE, LOWELL and - DOUGLAS
.. . , . , : : ....;. v. ; . . ; ; ;
' . : . ; . '' i ," . i ': f ;
you more for j-our money than other.. I invite you to in
will back up what 1 guarantee, so why not .deal with me this
Put a deposit on something, pay each week. You'll never
be secured at the 1 1th hour.
which
music.
MANUFACTURING DEPARTMENT
Yes, we do Platinum work in every detail. Ask seme of the
Newlyweds who made their Diamond Set Platinum Wed
ding rings. We do it in 12 hours and as good a Tiffany
or Shrieve, and 25 per cent cheaper. We do all I have
mentioned above in any of my 3 stores, Bisbee, Douglas
and Lowell. Your old fashioned Diamond Jewelry we make
into smart new, and original designs. We pay the actual
value for old gold and will pay $140.00 an ounce for any
old platinum jewelry you may possess.
Q
Open every day 9:00 A. M.
to 6:00 P. M. Pay Days
till 9:00 P. M. War Sav-
r-. l v
mg otamps and L.iDeriy
Bonds tken at par THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
THE B I SB EE DAILY REYiKW
11 -a V 4
i si -v- : Nn
jjoeoaoLwCTJKooseve t s
HisChiidreti
T 1 i JK
b .t-1 r-i- top
Edited
bv j ;
Joseph Bucklln Bishop
COPYRIGHT. '.919 sy
Cnm.cs 5cribe-s sons.
How many busy fathers, with a boy
away at school, would spare the time
to enter in detail into, a question of
football? Theodore Roosevelt, with
world affairs of pressing importance
in his charge, gave as much serious
attention to his son's ambitions in ath
letics as he would to a congressional
deadlock. Always full of fun, and
taking both the presidency and father
hood with zest and heartiness, he re
alized fully the gravity of both Jobs.
Ed.
Proper Place for Sports
White House, October 4, 1903.
DEAR TED:
In spite of the "Hurry! Hurry! on
the outside of your envelope, I did not
like to act until I had consulted
mother and thought the matter over;
and to be frank with you, old fellow,
I am by no means sure that I am do
ing right now. If it were not that I
feel ybu will be so bitterly disappoint
ed, I would strongly advocate your ac
quiescing in the decision to leave you
ol'f the second squad this year. I am
proud of your puck and I greatly ad
mire football though it was not a
game I was ever able to play myself,
my qualities resembling Kermit's
rather than your's. But the very thing
that make it a food game make it a
rough game and there is aways the
chance of your "being laid up. Now,
I should not in the least object to your
being laid up for a season if you were
striving for something worth while, to
get on the Groton school team, for
intance, or on your class team when
you enter Harvard for of course I
dont' think you .will have the weight
to entitle you to try for the varsity.
But I am by no means sure that it IS
worth your while to run the risk of
being laid up for the sake of playing
in the second squad when you are a
fourth former, instead of when you
are a fifth former. I do not know
y that the risk is balanced by the re
ward. However, I have told Rector
that as you feel so strongly about it,
I think that the chance of your damag
ing yourself in body is outweighed by
the possibility of bitterness of spirit
of you could not play. Understand
me, I should think mighty little of you
if you permitted chagrin to make you
bitter on some point where it was evi-
THE EPISCOPAL
LADIES WILL'
hold a sale of Fancy
Work and Home-Cocked
Foods at the Moose Home
on Main Street, Saturday,
December 6th, from
9 a.m till 6 p. m."
nlently right for you to suffer the
' chagrin. But in this case I am uncer
tain, and I shall give you the benefit
jof the doubt. If, however.the coaches
ai any ume come w uif ruutiusiuii
that you ought not be in the second
squad, why you mus; comfe off. with
out grumbling.
I am delighted to have you play
football. I believe in rough, manly
sports. But I do not believe In them
if thy degenerate into the sole end
of anyone's existence, i don't -want
you to sacrifice standing well in your
studies to any over-athleticism; and I
need not tell you that character
counts for a great deal more than
either intellect or body in winning
success in life. Athletic proficiency
lis a mighty good servant, and like so
many other bad servants, a mighty
'bad master.' Did you ever read
Pliny's letter to Trajan, in which he
speak of its being advisable to keep
the Greeks absorbed in athletics be
cause it distracted their minds from
"all serious pursuits, including sold
iering and prevented their ever being
dangerous to the Romans? I have not
a doubt that the British officers in
the Boer war had their efficiency part
ly reduced because they had sacrificed
their legitimate dntie:? to an inordi
nate and ridiculous love of sports. A
man must develop his physical prow
ress up to a certain point; but after
he has reached that point there are
other things that count more. In my
regiment nine-tenths of the men were
better horsemen than I was, and prob
ably two-thirds of them better shots
than I was, while on the average they
were certainly hardier and more en
during. Yet after I had had them a
very short while they all knew, and I
knew, too, that nobody else could
command them as I could. I am glad
you should play -football; I am glad
j that you shpud box; I am glad that
! you should ride and shoot and walk
and row as well as you do. I should
be very sorry if you did not do these
j thjngs. But dont't ever get into the
; frame of mind which regards these
1 things as constituting the end to
which all your energies must be de
voted, or even the major portion of
your enegries.
I Yes, I am going to speak at Gro
ton on prize day. -1 felt that while I
! was president, and while you and
Kermit were at GrotonI wanted to
some up there and see you, and the
rector wished me to speak and so I
am very glad to accept.
By the way, I am working hard to
got Renown accustomed to automo
biles. He is such a handful now when
he meets them that I. seriously mind
encountering them when mother is
along. Of course, I do not care if I
am alone or with another man, but I
am uneasy all the time when I ji.ni out
with mother. Yesterday I tried Bleis
tein over the hurdles at Chevy Chase.
The first one was new, high and stiff,
and the old rascal never rose six
inches, going slap through it. 1 took
him at it again and he went over all
right.
I am very busy now, facing the
usual endless worry and disc-ourage-mcnt
and trying to keep stteadily in
mind that I must not only be as reso
lute as Abraham Lincoln in seeking to
achieve decent ends, but as patione,
as complaining, and as even-tempered
in dealing, not only kith knaves, but
with the well meaning foolish people,
educated and uneducated, who by
their unwisdom give the knaves their
chance.
Concerning Getting "Smashed"
White House, October 11, 1919.
DEAR TED:
, 1 have received letters from the rec
tor, from Mr. Woods and from Air. Bil
lings. They all say that you should
play on the third squad ?nd Mr.
Woods says you are now satisfied to
do so. This was my first and as I am
convinced, my real judgment in the
case. If you get mashed up now in a
serious way it may prevent your play
ing later. As I think I wrote you, I
do not in the least object to your
getting mashed if it is for an object
that is worth while such as playing
on the Groton team or playing on your
class team wghen you get to Harvard.
But I think it a little silly to run any
imminent risk of a serious smash
simply to play on the second squad
insetad of the third.
I am judging for you as I would for
myself. When I was young and rode
across country I was light and tough,
and if I did, as actually happened,
brak an arm or a rib no damage en
sued and no scandal was caused. Now
I am stiff and heavy and any accident
to me would cause immense talk, and
I do not take the chance; simply be
cause it is not worth while. On the
other hand, if I should now go to war
and have a brigade as I had my regi
ment before Santiago I should take
any chance that was necessary; be
cause it would be worth while. In
other words, I want to make the risk
to a certain accident commensurate
with the objects gained.
(To Be Continued)
Why not have a Narrjo rug?" Don't
say, "too high" till you see our line.
Lowell Drug Co. -Advt.
. Ivory ryralin the genuine Du
I Font's Single pieces and sets; fine
', selection. Buy early. Lowell Drug
! Co. Advt.
Why not have a Navajo rug? . Don't
'say, "too hinh" till ou see our line.
, Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
' Cigars your favorite brand, packed
j in boxes of ten or 25 Ideal gift for
him. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
t. 11 f of
f SiT c ' ' h
the national
joy smoke
makes a whale
a cigarette!
Copyright 1119 by
R. J. Reyuuliis Tobacco Co.
Awalhng yoor yto, you'
y OU certainly get yours when you lay your smokecards on the table, ? nTZdZ'1?
call for a tidy red tin or a toppy red bag of Prince Albert and roll a 1.1 c"Jy"i"i
Kiakin's cigarette! You'll want to hire a statistical bureau to keep count .- pound crystal giaaa humidor
a wiA mpongc motstcner top
of your smokestunts ! Mhy, you never dreamed of the sport that lies , " eep Pnnc Albert in
.1 i zj.,- -a a J- ucA perfect condition I
nwaiung your can in a nome rouea cigarette wnen its jr. lur ins
THE BOTH
HIS TEACHER"
LECTURE TOPIC
Charles F. Philbrook, superintend-1
em or me uishee public schools
talked .before the regular meeting of
the Mothers' club yesterday after
noon in the Y. M. C. A.
Mr. Philbrook's talk was divided
into two part's, "The Boy" and "The
Teacher." In speaking of the boy
problem he said:
' You can't study a boy out of a
text book. The best study of a boy
is the boy. He is never the same
animal before company or his par
ents as by himself or with his gang."
Mr. Philbrook advised the mothers
to read the letters of Theodore
Roosevelt to his children, which .are1
being published daily in the Review.
Roosevelt knew his boys and lived
with them and the speaker advised
all parents to do likewise.
The speaker also said: "Too often
the government of the boy is left to
the mother. While that is good,
often the mother is too sympathetic
and does not understand .the boy."
Philbrook told the mothers present
of the universal signs in boy king
dom. He told them of a very secret
spot back of the old opera house
where many of, the gang troubles are
settled and quite often- one of the
members carries away a black eye.
This was something new to the moth
ers. In the whole of his talk the
speaker emphasized the point that
the boy must be given a chance.
In the second part of his talk he
said that there was a shortage of
100,000 teachers in the United States.
This was caused because at the be
ginning of the war a great number
of teachers went into the government
service and when the war ended they
found more profitable employment
and kept it.
"A great number of people suggest
a raise in salary for the teachers,
but to do this more money must be
had," Philbrook said. "There is a
state law governing teachers' pay,
and the Bisbee teachers are getting
the maximum amount under this
law."
The club was shown government
charts in which it was pointed ayt
that bakers and hod carriers were
earning higher wages than school
teachers. Mr. Philbrook told the
mothers of the "-plane - for -the new
teacherege on Mason Hill.
When questioned how the Mothers'
club could help as a community or
ganization, Mr. .Philbrook replied
that by getting the city council to en
force the curfew law a great deal
will have been accomplished. This
question will probably come up be
fore the next meeting.
The club transacted a great deal
of business at this meeting. One of
the things that came up was the en
tertainment for the runners of the
New Year's relay race from Douglas
to Bisbee. The Mothers' club will
giva a big dinner for the bovs and a
committee was appointed to ..makef
arrangements. The club is also plan
ning a stag banquet for the members
of the Bisbee team some days before
the race.
.'Eighteen l'isboe mothers attended
this meeting and Earl V. Thompson,
boys' work secretary, predicted an
enrollment of 75 within the next few
months. The Mothers' club is prov
ing a great success and 13 beginning
to accomplish" many things.
After refreshments of coffee and
cake were served,' the mothers ad
journed until the next regular meet
ing of the club, .which will be on
Dec. 17. Mrs. ' Richard Thomas;
chairman of the girls' work commit
tee of the Y. W. C. A., will address
the mothers at that time and every
mother in the district will be wel
come to attend. .
SNIFEES, SNEEZES,
HOARSE WHEEZES
Banish them by using Dr.
Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey
THOUSANDS recommend it. Dr.
Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey isn't an
experiment, but a cough and colli
remo ly that has steadily crown popu
lar because it is quickly effective.-
For lingering colds or coughs or fresh
attacks its balsamic and healing anti
septics are sure to be beneficial. It
brings speedy relief from phlegm-congestion,
iiilljmniaiion, tickling bron
chial tubes. Gool also for hoarseness,
coughs due to grippe, and kindred ail
ments. Economical a Iwattle goes a
U long way. 30c, 60c., $1.20.
flavor! Man, man, you haven't got the listen of half your W1
until you know what rolling 'em with P. A. can do for your lw,,,..
packing
T&lk about
smokecareer until you know what rolling
contentment! And, back of P. A.'s flavor, and rare fragrance proofs of
Prince Albert's quality stands our exclusive patented process that
cuts out bite and parch ! Wi.th P. A. your smokesong in a makin's ciga
rette will ouWast any phonograph record you ever heard 1 Prince Albert
is a cinch to roll. It's crimp cut and stays put like a regular oal!
T ince Albert upsets any notion you ever had as to how delightful a
jimmy pipe can be ! It is the tobacco that has made three men smoke
pipes where? one was smoked before. It has won men all over the nation
to t'.-.o pys cf smoking.
"MOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY. Wintn-SAtem. N. C.
A Fine Family Laxative
Po-Uo-I.ax. Nature's proved assistant. tln
:hc bile and Ret the liwr on the job. Unlike
raloiii'.-l, l'o-LJvlax is mild but positive in
fcctiun. It promptly corrects constipation in
vonnd or n'.l. lAt r. all Drimuists.
Mother Entertains '
Daughter At Party I
In Honor Birthday!
A birthday parry for tliPir eight-!
year-old daughter, Elizabeth, was
given by Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Moss
Monday in Ixwell. Games and songs
interested the guests until a late
hour, when ice cream and cake were
served.
Among those present were Dora :
Robinson, Winnie Farraugh, Adeline
Russell, Ruth Barkhill, Virginia
Thompson, Sylvia Rranson, Leo
Cody, Marjorie Regan, FJoretia
Barnes, Clyde Salmon, Florence Riin-'
son, Marian Rrinson, Marie Moss,
Elizabeth Moss,' Donald Mcintosh,
Royce Bell, Robert Moss, Harry Ga
lushua, Raymond Sandeis, Ralph
Farraugh, Ralph Moss, Alfred Moss
and Mrs. Parks.
TO OUR CUSTOMERS
Let A Greeting Card
Carry Your Message
Help Make this Christmas the best the world has
ever known, -end a Christmas Card to every one
of your friends. We will gladly help you. Come
in and make your selections from our large and
varied stock.
REYNOLDS MUSIC SHOP
Main Street
The Miners' Meat Market and Gro
cery will be closed all day Friday,
Dec. 5th, on account of the funeral of
our brother.
JOVAXOVICII BROS.
6
91
BMsHsVsHimAHdssHMsmHHsHsWssVsHHIiasmsMtfsMHUaaklBl
A CHOICE THAT WILL PLEASE
ANY VIAN
Bath-or Lounging Robes
$10, $12, $15
The problem of. art appropriate
Christmas gift is easily solved by a
selection from this biggest and. best
stock of Men's Bath Robes we have
ever shown. Made of Beacon Robe
Flannel in attractive patterns, includ
ing Navajo or Scroll designs, cord
trimmed, convertible or shawl collar,
elegantly tailored and absolutely fast
color, complete with slippers to
match. So handy to slip on, and
wear going to bath room, and so cozy
to lounge around the house in for
that late evening smoke. Any man
that receives one of these Bath Robes
for a gift will have many fond mem
ories of the giver.
Come Early For Best Selections
i
nn
wag
I Say
Oil
u
Refining
omoanv
a j
OF ARIZONA
Wants its stockholders and the public to know that
The drill is again working at Bowie Basin and will continue to
work and will bore a calculated average depth of twenty to thirty
feet daily. Delays from' boiler troubles due to "scaling" will not oc
cur again, as soft water in abundance is now available for generating
steam. The drill is cutting through oil-bearing deposits right now,
and the "slush water" is bright with the well known "Rainbow Ef
fect" as it stands in the sun. The hour is at hand. There is still pro
motion stock at ten cents." ' Get iri befdre it is gone. V
J. L. POWEL
Office with I. W. WALLACE, Main Street
DIRECTORS:
FRANK BLEDSOE, President . L. J. OVERLOCK, Vice-Pres.
SAM FRANKEN BURG, Treasurer
E. P. Brewster R. G. Arthur Burt Washburn James Brophy V
PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
Sip S tsbrr 3atly Sirutrui
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
mm , A.'
WILL HE BACKSLIDE?
By Morris
Bouillabaisse
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
By F. F. M.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month
Six months . .
Twelve Months
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year
$...80
4.60
- 9.00
- 2.50
Statements to Iceview subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of ever month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man; but for one man who
can stand adversity there are a hundred that will stand adversity."
Thomas Carlyle.
CONGRESS SHOULD
GET BUSY!.
Immediately, right off the reel, Congress in its first regu
lar session, should go at it 'hammer and tongs." You agree
with us? Thought so.
Goodness knows Congress frittered away enough time at its spe
c';.l session, talking, debating, arguing. And little was accomplished
over and above filling the Congressional Record with words.
There should be more action at this session, and now, at the
beginnir.g, is the time to start it.
There's plenty to do, enough to keep Congress busy every minute
of the time until well into the late spring.
Tare's the peace treaty or end-of-war resolution.' There is the
raihoad legislation, dozens of measures to kill profiteering, thje sug
gested p'an to end labor unrest, the merchant marine, returned sol
dieis for whom we haven't done what we said we'd do, and a host
of other needed legislation, including the budget system.
Much of the time of the special session was taken up by framing
of bills, ho'ding hearings, preparing committee reports. This paving
of ways should expedite legislation now. And will, if Congress
doesn't give too much of its attention toward the fixing of 1920
political fences '
There can be no getting down to a firm basis, by labor or capital,
or the public, until Congress has finished with the peace treaty, the
railroads, packers, profiteers, labor legislation, and measures which
will reduce the cost of living. The sooner we get these -things settled
the better off all will be.
There is urgent need for Congress to get busy, and stay busy
until its labors are done.
TEACHERS' PAY AGITATES BOSTON
THE question of poor pay of teachers, a subject which has had
frequent mention in the ediiofial columns of the Review, has
reached even to classic Boston, for long supposed to be the
educator's paradise. Says the Boston Financial Review of
recent issue: -
"It is a question just how much attention the business commu
nity is giving to the demands of the Boston school teachers for
higher pay but it is probable, with the exception of the real estate
owners, if the business men in general are giving the matter the
attention it deserves. As Boston has been the Mecca of education
cf the country, not only in the three Rs but in music, science, medi
cine, law and all other branches, the entire country is watching de
velopments in Boston along educational lines with perhaps as much
attention as the police strike. The demands of the teachers, there
foie, aro bound to be a big topic throughout educational circles in
the United States, and with Harvard University increasing salaries
of professors and instructors 50 per cent a standard has been set
for just remuneration of those who are to mould the brains of the
rising generations.
"One great fallacy of school systems is that the old-fashioned'
idea of the little rod schoolhouse still pervades the policy of teachers'
remuneration. The teacher was always poorly paid, indeed under
paid, and modern managers have been slow to get away from this
idea. But the teachers,, or would-be teachers, have caught the new
trend or developments and many bright minds which would go into
the teaching profession have gone to more attractive fields where
the remuneration is commensu ate with the intelligence rendered.
This has been possible for the reason that the country has ben promi
nent in manufacturing and finance in the past ten or fifteen years.
As a result the schools are competing with the industrial world for
both men and women, and for this reason alone it seems imperative
that teachers must receive higher remuneration if the schools are to
continue to give the young the training which the receptive brain
needs.
"That the community i.s becoming more familiar with the needs
cf good teaching is shown by the overlay of the Foston continuation
schools with business. This phase of the Boston school system is
bound to grow, and it will show that the teacher is an important asset
to the business world. The teacher always has been, but in a less
demonstrative way. If the young are not properly trained the busi
ness world is bound lo suffer.. Therefore the, best in teaching should
be striven for, and this can only be accomplished by a proper wage.''
BOXING IN ARIZONA
Wilson has appointed delegates to another conference' to settle
industrial problems. Th.mk goodness, lliere is one man who still
lu faith.
. , -
'
!
: (g) " ' j
, , , , :
CONCERNING CARLISLE
In all the days of banditry,
. Fiom merry Robin Hood,
To Sherlock Holmes and Watson
And til the sleuthing mood,
The tale has never varied,
The outlaw e'er must pay.
For he who fights all .human kind
Can never get away.
They've captured Mister Carlisle,
His little race is run.
And when the score is settled
The Rest of Us hav won.
But :there is one bad hpmbre,
Whose skirts are ever clear
We wish the law would lay a hand
Upon the profiteer!
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago In Bisbee
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Dec. 3. Up late, after a bad night's rest, due to a cold, but finding some
fresh eggs in fhe house that could .be soft-boiled without the health depart
ment telephoning to me to aoace the nuisance when the shells are broken,
I made a. tolerable breakfast, and so to town. Spent all of yesterday in
.Tombstpne ancng the pioneers there, .who were pleasant with me but rather
bitter on other things, .apd with their interesting stories was mingled the
most picturesque and expressive profanity, so that my ears burned once pr
twice, but I remembered .enough to embellish my own remarks when I strike
my thumb hsreal'ter oj when the subject of near-beer comes up for debate
And Tombstone, I thought, much like other reminders of a former age
living in the waning light of departed glories, slowly dissolving into the
nothingness from which it came, writing for the undertaker and the insur
ance man. After which .moralizing 1 felt better, and so back to town, where
I found much news about. Sam Kyle lesigning from the city attorney's
oifice, ind the Country club dance, and a lecture from a minister about
women who wear their clothes cut low in the back, which made me think
that he must "Jje a married man , to have discovered the fact that the less a
woman w ears .the, mor.e it .costs. And while he said that such clothes destroy
a woman's sense of moral values. I think rather he should have remarked
that they really destroy a .husband's credit at the bank. This is not a moral
age, anyhow, I think, with soft drinks and Bolshevism and 2.75 per cent
eggs and sugar pinches and Cat ranza and denatured religion and d'Annunzio
and coal strikes and the senate and free verse and California advertising
and Charlie Roberts fo.r governor and the annual Christmas battle and the
high cost of loving and four highway commissions. To Mr. Casey, with
whom I had a long talk,, and who used to write stories for the magazines,
so that a literary atmosphers settled around us and I smoked my cigarettes
Contentedly. So .after much work to my house, where 1 found my wife read
ing a Sears and Roebuck catalogue, that I might konw that I will have to
cut out smoking soon and invest the saving in postage stamps.
SMILE WITH US
(From the Bisbee Daily Review of Thursday, December 4, 1919.)
Born To the wife of Frank Coles,
a son.
The Queen City Athletic club is
making arrangements for an enter
tainment to be given on the evening
of December 15. A boxing contest and
smoker "will eb provided for the en
tertainment of the members.
gold mining properties in the Aja
mountins, left yesterday morning for
Arispe, where he goes to take out
final papers, the assays of which go
high up in the hundreds.
Dan McGowan, one of the best
known miners in the territory" uid
champion driller, was robbed while en
route to Prescott by a boy 1 7or IS
years of age. McGowan listened to a
hard luck story and paid the young
man's fare from Phoenix to Prescott.
On the Pullman netx morning he miss
ed f ISO and his overcoat.
Charles M. Buckwalter, general
passenger and freight agent of the
Southern Pacific with headquarters at
Tucson, is in Bisbee on a business trip
J. B. Anguis has returned from his
mining properties in the Dragoons,
Mrs. John Campbell and children
left this morning for Tombstone where
Mrs. Campbell will visit her mother,
Mrs. Cormack.
TOO ROUGH FOR HIM
A naval aviation cadet at Miami.
Fla., was assigned to a seaplane with
orders to stay in the air for an hour.
After a flight for 30 minutes the
cadet landed and taxied onto the
beach.
The division commander, with fire
in his eye, descended upon the luck
less student. "What's the matter with
you?" he demanded. "I told you to
stay out an our. . You've only been
gone half 'that time."
"Really, sir," replied the student,
"the air is awful rough. I never saw
anything like it! Why, 1 looked up
the road toward Miami and it was full
of blackbirds walkeing into town."
THE BALD HEAD'S YEAR
Curly locks, curly locks, will you be mine.
And over my bleak, polished dome thickly twine?
With pomades I'll scent you like tropical flowers.
And caress and fuss o'er you all the long, sunny hours.
Oh, cury locks, curly locks, 'twould be divine
If enly, if only, you'd deign to be mine!
Tennyson J. Daft.
NOTHING LOCAL, OF COURSE
"More money for less food than in any other city" is not a good adver
tising slogan for Boston. Boston Transcript.
And then there's the danger that it will make the rest of us jealous.
Casey & Swansey, wholesale liquor
dealers in Fort Worth, Texas, are rep
resented in Bisbee this week by their
traveling salesman, Mr. Marks.
Mrs. William Lutley, who has been
visiting as a guesto f Mrs. Woods for
after an absence of three days. Sev-jthe past few days, has returned to
eral miners are at work upon the ! her home in Tombstone.
claims and Mr. Anguis reports the out- j .
look favorable for all ' properties in 1 The Ladies' Aid Society of the Pres-
that locality.
George Dunn, who has promising noon
byterian church met at the residence
of Mrs. Schmiedring yesterday after-
GOVKRNOR CAMPBELL'S administration has been distinguished
by a display of common sense and good judgment that has
delighted all his friends and proved a bitter disappointment
to his enemies;. It is a pity that he has seen fit to make even
one trilling mistake in the matter of a sweeping denunciation of
boxing.
As seen in Jerome we do not pretend to speak foi other places
in the slain tho game has been clean, honst, free from every trace
of the "brutality" the governor talks about, and has afforded a most
welcome relief from the monotony that must attend life in a small
city like curs. Our best citizens have enjoyed Ihe hour or two ot
relaxation that the boxing matches have afforded and many of our
ladies havu enjoyed the sport as fully as have their husbands and
brothers.
It is true that the participant's in these matches make their living,
or part of it, by their skill with the gloves but our actors, musicians
and other entertainers do the same thing, each in his specialty.
There has been no encouraging of betting and there has been the
r'osi perfect order at all the local contests. It may be that Phoenix
and' ether more benighted parts of the slate are not able to enjoy
these exhibitions of skill without degenerating them into something
to be frowned upon, but that is no roaoson that Jerome should be
denied the pleasure that has been afforded.
If there was anything vicious aboi;t the.-e bouts that, are staged
here, the Verde Copper News would be Ihe first to condemn thorn
the fact is (hat the editors have nothing but praise for the men who
are trying to give us an occasional evening of clean sport. As this
paper has remarked more (ban once before, what wt need in the
Verde district is something thai will tiraw us together in a common
Interest; that will nial;e us belter acquainted one with the other.
And tbi-t is exactly what our boxing mulches have done. Verde
.Copper News.
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
SOMETHING LEARNED
"Has the government taught you
anything about railroads?"
"Yes," replied the old-time railroad
manager. ' It has taught us that the
traveling public can ee made more
docile and forbearing than we had im
agined in our fondest hopes."
j LIES OF THE DAY
j The state department is a fast moving body.
1 The H. C. of L. has not hit Santa Claus.
j President Paderewski of Poland does not regret the exchange of the
concert platform for the political comm.
And President .Wilson does not regret his attempted dictatorship of
i the senate.
I Bisbee is quite-provoked at the work, being done in Main street.
All the Irish are going to vote the Democratic ticket at the presidential
elections.
O :
DAILY THOUGHT FOR MARRIED MEN .
! A smile when we come. in the door is ,worth two helpings of chicken
with a frow n.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
Wifey Henry, do you think me an
angel?
Hubby Why, certainly, my dear.
I'm very enthusiastic. I think all wo
men are angels!
"You needn't be so enthusiastic as
all that!"
Alimony For Men
A Raleigh bell boy stole a trunk coin a tiling $75,000 worth of dia
monds. No, he wasn't a piker. He thought Ihe trunk contained
whisky.
WORKERS NEED SUFFICIENT
LIGHT PROPERLY PLACED
Closely related to the question of
ventilation is that of properly light
ing the workroom.
Unfortunately, in many of the older
offices and shops it is impossible to
secure adequate lighting without arti
ficial light and this frequently intro
duces an additional problem, name ly,
excessive heat.
Insufficient heat causes several se
rious disturbances in the health of
the sedentary worker, chief of them
eye strain and bodily deform icies.
Boih of these man manifest them
selves chiefly by secondary symptoms
such as headache, twitching of the
eyelide, pain in the back, .constipation,
etc.
j See that yourf desk or work table-
is properly placed with reference to
j the light and that the light is suffi
ciently strong but noth glaring. If
possible, shield your eyes from direct
rays of light. .
Fortunately the work of the modern
aivhitect has become highly specializ
ed in recent years, and this has result
ed in the building of offices and shops
from the standpoint of efficiency and
sanitation, rather than that of decor
ative or monumental value. More-
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general interest
relating only to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
. MENU FOR TODAY
BREAKFAST Grape fruit, spider
corn cake, bacon, coffee.
LUNCHEON Spit pea soup, crack
ers, cup cakes, tea.
DINNER l'ot roasi ot veal, mashed
potatoes, diced white turnips, shred
ded cabbage, floating island, sot'fee.
As long as the last bite is the best.
I we are' in good health.
over, within the past few years light
ing engineers have introduced mark
ed improvements in their methods (e.
g., indirect lighting), and many mod
ern shops and offices, even when arti
ficially lighted are therefore entirely
unobjectionable from this standpoint.
Don't ruin your eyes; watch for the
early symptoms of eye strain-
TODAY'S RECIPE
VEAL POT ROAST
1 small shoulder of veal,
1 cup diced carrots,
1 small onion,
2 tablespoons bacon fat.
Salt and pepper.
I'm bacon fat in the kettle the meat
is to be cookcu in. Sprinkle with sal'.
I and p ppe'-. Add carrots and onion,
cover and cock wry gently for 5 or
1 10 minutes. Pond over about 2 cups
I boiling water, cover tightly and Bim
, mer three or four hours. Remove meat
land make gravy.
V 4 -
r
m e i
V If 1
LILLIAN
H.
KERR
DENVER Alimony ror men, it the,
divorced wife has the biggest income,
and elisions for fathers left by death
or divorce with little children to care
for are adocateel by Mrs. Lillian H.
Kerr, ice chairman of the Colorado I
sta: cbranch of the National Woman's '
party. i
SOILED CLOTHES
Sometimes one wonders just where
to kepe soiled clothes from one wash
day to the next. This question con
cerns Ihe health of the family far
more than is generally realized.
Soiled garments should not be al
lowed to accumulate in bedroom clos
ets. A covered hampe-r placed in an
out of the way corner of a h ill is a
practical arrangement for the second
lloor if there is no clothes chute. .
I know a woman who keep her laun
dry hamper on the attic stairs. She
says her clothes gather dampness in
the basement.
Damp towels should always be thor
oughly dried before putting them with
other soiled clothing.
I like to keep table linen and tea
towels separate from the rest of the
laundry. Also beware of crumbs in
the tablecloths and napkins. Crumbs
"call" mice.
LOSS OF WOOL
Following is an estimate that an
annual loss of $500,000 has been in
creased by Ohio wool prowers through
bad haidling of wool, a campaign has
been initiated by the Ohio Wool
Growers' association to che-ck these
losses. The association has asked
every grower in the state to Improve
the care of the wool product.
j ITS VALUE
I "Of course, the play-doesn't amount
jto much, 'but in a few minutes the
champion will appear and spar three
rounds."
' "Ha he anything to do with the
'plot?"
j "No. but it has a great deal to do
with the ,bci olticc receipts?.-
WAISTS TO MATCH
i
j Waists in shades to match winter
suits are especially popular. They are
, most effective w hen combined with
: eont lasting colors, either by the use
of narrow vestees, embroidery of . floss
land beads, or dainty' ruffled collars.
SILK CULTURE OLD
Silk culture, according to Chiuensc
authorities, was begun in. lioO 1.!. C,
by si-Linn, wife of Emperor lloang-
WILL FISH TAILS i
TRIM NEW HATS
Now come fish tails trying to break '
into society at least into fashion. '
The United States Fisheries bureau '
is reported to be putting forward a I
plea lor fish lails, supplemanteel with j
fins as. most attractive ornaments for.
women's lwits.
No doubt an added trimming of j
ater-wei'd with Ihe whole appro-1
priately dried and dyed, would lend ,
iuclf beautifully io a hat of marine'
effect. Page the mermaids, someone! !
Their taitc should be compiled. '
BEWARE THE SPIDER!
In South America lives u spider
whiih attacks and eats humming
birds and whatever olher small crea
tures come its way. Its legs extend
to a spiic ebutween eight and ten
inches, mid its body is three inches
long.
HARDLY FLATTERING
She I appreciate the e ompliment .
but I'm afraid I could neVcr make you
happy.
Hi' Oh. yes. you could. You don't
know how easily pleaded I am. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE
LOCAL IN f
REA
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
LM
OF
SPOR T WORLD
"HURRY-UP" YOST 0'' WANE; AGGRESSIVENESS GUC
BY FRED TURBYVILLE
Is Fielding H. Yost losing his pep?
Is age winning over the veteran
coach, whose football teams have won
Sz per cetn of their victories in 23
years? Is his keen football brain dull
ed? Is that aggressiveness which he
insits on every man of the squad fail
ing in his own makeup?
It is hard to relegate such a man to
the scrap heap of the gridiron and yet
his team of 1919 has made one of the
worst records in modern Michigan
history.
Blessed with material enough for i
two teams Yost started off the 1919
light with hope high.. Every school
in the western conference feared him.
Ohio State thought the Michigan team
would be the hardest to beat. Michi
gan was hard for Ohio, but Chicago,
Illinois and Minnesota found it easy.
Their fight was gone after the first
deal.
Yost has been turning out some of
the greatest football teams In the
country. Walter Camp's Ail-American
generally contained the name of a
Michigan star.
"Hurry-Up' seems to be on the
wane. .His team this season lacked
the fight, the resourcefulness, the ac
curacy seen in his teams of former
years. The men appeared less well j
drilled on the minor details of the i
game and 'Yost always was a stickler
for derails.
They say he'll come oack at Mich
igan. He certainly doesn't appear old
and descripit for he was out nearly
every day of the 1919 campaign in
football togs himself and quite fre
quently demonstrated his football les
sons by actual participation. Though
around 50 jears of age he's rather
agile. He is a large and powerfully
built man, having starred at full and
tackle in his college days. His fea
tures are bronzed and he wears a wide
smile.
He is not harsh nor quick spoken.
He picks his words carefully, but they
sting and penetrate the skin of of
fending players.
His between-the-halves talks to his !
men have won many games for Mich- j
igan.
"The grandstand is the plaec to
watch the game,", -he drawled to a
player between halves of the Ohio
i'arae. The player had been' caught ,
napping. " I
"A Michigan team Is never beaten j
until the final whistle blows," he tells i
his men. .
"The game is never won by playing
your man on your side or me line," is
another bit. of his logic. I
But the way he drives them back
to the field for the second half of the
game reflects the character of this
famous coach. Michigan teams that
have loafed through the first two pe
riods of play have come back and
rushed the opposition off their feet in
the second half.
"Give me ten men to run the inter
ference and I'll let a puppy dog carry
the ball," he said in letting it be
known what he thought was of prime
importance in the offense.
As a judge of men he is peerless.
He knows which to drive and which
to kindly encourage.
He has no use for a conceited prep
school star, but takes great pride in
developing a youth of good physique
and fighting qualities. Most of his
stars have been of the latter makeup.
He is merciless to those lacking
the aggressive spirit.
He will not stand for swearing
among his players nor dirty work on
the field.
He is a great man at Ann Arbor
and they believe he will come back
stronger than ever next year.
Anyhow it has been a great season
of upsets.
MEXICANS BEAT AMERICAN.
CALEX1CO. Calir., Dec. 3. W. K.
Milton, 24, discharged American sol
dier, was brought across the border
from Mexicali today suffering from
broken bones, deep cuts and bruises,
the result, he said, of ichuman treat
ment at the hands of Mexican author
ities. American Consul Boyle at
Mexicali announced he would report
the rase to the state department at
Washington.
Fine line of Fancy Box Candy, one
to five pound boxes. Lowell Drug Co.
HELP FOR mittW
A mother whose strength is
over-wrought or who is thin,
pde or nervous, should find re
newed energy in every drop of
SCOTT'S
EMULSION
Let it help turn your dail;
tasks from aburden to pleasure
Scott s Emulsion is akvndcnl
in those nourishing ele
ments that every mother
in the land needs.
Srott fc Bowtie. Btoo-nfild. N. 1- 1?-1Q
..! : IS ,Ca.. v-- - I : . if .-.
. 4 My
rl f
Fielding H. Yost has completed his nineteenth year as coach of
the Michigan football eleven during which time his teams have
won 125 and lost 24 games. Eight ties have been played. The first
four years of his regime there his teams were undefeated. Twice since
teams have gone through, the season without a defeat.
As a developer of All-American men he stand3 in a class by him
self. This list includes .Heston (two years), Schulz, Benbrook, (two
years), Wells, Craig, Maulbetseh, Steketee. Heston and Schulz .got
on Walter Camp's all-time team.
Yost began his football career a sa player at West Virginia, He
mained there two years and played one season at Lafayette. In 1896
he coached Ohio Wesleyan and in 1897 won .the Missouri conference
championship for Nebraka, taking the title again in 1898 with the
Kansas team. At Leland Stanford in 1900 he .beat .California. He
began coaching at Michigan in 1901 and soon was named ."Hurry-Up."
P
"2
BY RAZZ BERRY
The jazziest football season in his
tory is at an end. Baseball magnates
will now inject a little jazz into the
winter league.
Frank Moran with his "Mary Anne"
punch is jazzing things up among the
heavies.
CONCESUS OF OPINION IS THAT
THE ALARM CLOCK HAS TOO
MUCH JAZZ THESE COLD MORN
INGS. Fight fans still are in the dark as to
Bob Martin' sringcraft. All Bob has
done so far is to hit the other fellow.
With the other fellow alwra in
down Bob isn't doing much to uplift '
the game excepting roh miself.
The ring fans say he's a good look
ing heavyweight. The ladies say he
is absolutely handsome. He's at least
"sitting pretty" in his corner.
SPORT TIPS OF
The line-up of the Knights of Co
lumbus team for the soccer game
with' tho Copper Queen stars next
Sunday was announced as follow:
Goal. Mitchell; fullbacks, Telford
and Hibble; halfbacks. Smith, John
son and Schorenson: forwards. Mar-!
tin, Liddicote, Kelly. Duffy aiid Mc
Ardle; reserves, J. Atkinson, D. Fow
ler and Duffy. The game will start
at. 2:30 o'clock sharp. John Wilson!
will be referee.
Negotiations are under way lor a
match between Walter Caldwell, who
recently defeated Kid George in a
ten-round bout here, and Kddie John-
I son. to take place in Silver City, N.
M., in the near luture, the men t o (
i weigh- in at 15S pounds at 3 o'clock
n the afternoon of the contest. Kid)
George, who is now" manager of Cald-j
veil, announces that he will bring
his protege and erstwhile opponent
back to Bisbee for a match following j
this.
Word vtuj received by Bisbee fans
yesterday of the matching of Kid
mm
SYRACUSE GAVE THANKS ITS
TEAM HAD NO MORE GAMES
SCHEDULED WITH THE WESTERN
"BUSHERS."
Fred Fulton is back but without the
service stripes the other boys brought
home with them.
He wore a fanty slicker and a cane.
Centre College football players will
now regain their wind for the 1920
grid. The ten-yards-in-four-downs
rule never worked them.
LEFT EARFUL
The last dope has been zp.'ashed on
the flndiron. The next big upset will
be announcement of Walter Camp's
Ail-American.
RIGHT EARFUL
Bob- Martin cant' strike for shorter
working days; he's got 'em down to
almost nothin as it is.'
LOCAL FIELD
Palmer of Douglas with Steve Dalton
of Los Angeles for a ten round bout
in Tucson on December 12.
A letter was received yesterday by
O. S. French from Harry Price, for
mer catcher of the Bisbee baseball
loam, saying that he has signed up
with the Tulsa club of the Western
league and will join that team next
spring. Price will remain lor the
winter in Yuma, where he is now
employed.
George Burns, the local 128-pound
boxer, was about town with a ban
daged hand yesterday as a result of
running a nail in his palm. The in
jury is a sl'glit one, and if no com
plications arise Burns will he in
shape for his six-round semifinal
bout, with Kid Bruno here on the.
night of December 11.
llap: Woods is a lough boxer,
with a wicked wallop, and has put. a
number of promising opponents to
slumber without a qualm, hut he
draws Ihe line at football, according
OVER TRE STATE
SPORT CIRCUIT
HUSE TO, MEET CHAMBER?
Eddie Huse, the Pacific coast wel
terweight champion, will be perform
ing in his first 10-round bout when he
faces Russell Chambers of Douglas
before the Phoenix Athletic club in
Arcadia hall Friday evening. Although
he has engaged, in 269 ring exrlDltions
Huse has never before participated in
a 10-round engagement.
Recognized as one of the best 145
pounders of the west, Huse's work will
be closely watched next Friday evert
ing by sporting men throughout the
country. For if he is successful over
the short marathon route, his success
in the east is assured.
Ten rounds is quite some distance
for a ,man who has been accustomed
to the four-round game for two years,
and notwithstanding the splendid phy
sical condition of the San Francisco
boy, there is some doubt as to his
ability to staand up under a terrific
pace for this- distance. . -
PHOENIX TO PLAY ON COAST
PHOENIX, Dec. 3. Owing to the
decisive walloping received by the
Santa Monica high school football
team last Saturday that eleveji will
not play the Coyotes on the coast De
cember 6. However, the local team 4s
still confident that a game will be se
cured with an even better aggregation
than Santa Monica. .
Long Beach will positively play the
local pigskinners on December 13 in
the event they drop iext Saturday's
game to Fullerton in' the semi-finals
for the championship of southern Cal
ifornia. If Long Beach doesnt' lose
Fullerton may play Phoenix, as the
alumni committee wired a challeige
to that team.
TUCSON FIGHTERS ARRIVE
TUCSON, Dec. 3. With the arrival
yesterday of Danny 'Kramer and.
George Moss from ,Los. Angeles, all of
the fighters for Friday night card at
the armory are now in trainnig here
and can be seen in action every after
noon at the M. and M. quarters.
George Moss, whose typical clown
grin is shown in the art master-piece
to the left, created much speculation
among fans at the training quarters
yesterday. His seemingly awkward
movements and lack of'science caus
ed several fans to put ftirh clown as a
dub at the fight game. But this is one
of Moss favorite stunts. Moss has
been in the fight game' for 12 years.
He has never been knocked out. But
he refuses to be serious more than
ten seconds in succession. When he
trains he gets a lot of fun out of fool
ing the fans and when he fights he
fights the same way. But George has
a disconcerting way of seeing to lose
his head and his balance and then
coming back into action like a cy
clone. to a story which comes from Tucson.
Happy watched the recent Occidental
Arizona football match with dilating
eyes, while ever and anon a shudder
passed over his frame .and his cheek
blanched. "Too rough' he muttered
between pale lips when the game
was over, according to the Tucson
story.
It is reported that Happy Woods
will enter the rin against Johnny
Meyer on the night of December 11
weighing 139 pounds, while Meyere
will weigh about 145.
Tucson fans are confident of a vic
tory for Happy Woods when their
idol faces Johnny Meyer in their 10
round bout here. They place their
faith in Happy's K. O. wallop. A
large contingent of Jans from the
Old Pueblo will be at the ringside.
Word was received in this city
yesterday that Bobby Wahl, well
known in Bisbee, was defeated in a
recent 10-round bout in Miami by
Kid Robinson, losing the bout to
Robinson on a decision. Wahl lived
in Bisbee for about a year.
JOFFRE AND FOCH HONORED.
PARIS, Dec. 3. A Franco-Argentine
manifestation in honor of Mar
shal Joffre and Marshal Foch, under
the auspices of Ihe France-America
committee, took the shape of a ban
quet this evening.
Your Figure Tells
Your Age
The woman who has found the
secret of youth has found the
secret of beauty. Your figure tells
your age.
What Shall We
Buy for Xmas Gifts?
Almost the first thought that comes
to mind is
CORSETS
The original Front Lacing Corset
at $3.00 and Up
Odda and ends of broken sizes in
satin and lace Brassieres; good
suggestion for Xmas .'.$1.98
FRUITMAN'S
ENTERTAINMENT
ITDRE FOR FIGRT FA
' Twenty-six rounds of boxing, en
tertainment by the Bisbee Jazz or
chestra, a xylophone solo by Joe
Eerggren, singing by the Bisbee
quarete, and "'Bubbles' by the spec
tators accompanied by the musi
cians, is the program which is to be
offered to Warren district fight fans
on the evening of Dec. 11 by O. S.
French, manager of the Bisbee Ath
letic club, and Frank Loughery,
matchmaker. The program is to be
held in the Grand theater.
The card, which is undoubtedly the
beat jet offered "by the club, will be
headed by Johnnie Meyer, . Bisbee's
favorite welterweight, who .will stepj
into the main event class in thi3 bout,
and Happy Woods, the Tucson whirl
wind, who has won 11 fights in suc
cession by knockouts, and who is
declared to be one of the hardest
! hitting boys of his weight in the
I T'nitoH Slntetj Thfi hnnt. which will
go ten rounds, will mean either the
."'""" v ; '
wno nas come up &ietuuy num
.. . ,. .,,. j
vanks nf nrehminarv fighters, and
, , , j ,
who has an unmarked record to show
" ... , " nnr1
what .kind of a scrapper he is, ana!
. 7 , t .t ;,!
lor this reason fans are looking fori
... ,. . . , .,,. i
him to make the fight of his career,
. . v. rir,ri'
In Hannv W oods he is going to Una:
...;n v,;. .u'lanaea as luira as
an OPUOIieilL VW1U Will ll inn
' tv, ra cn,0 airadv
VCho are betting that he will have.
to use
all his celeverness and cooi -
ness to stand the pace that the Tuc
son boilermaker will set for him.
In the sim-iinal Bob Collins, the
hard-hitting miner from the Briggs
r. i i,r. l- - T-i t-iii T 1 1 n tr 'mil
whn has been Dutting 'em
c n u i i wi ci unrt ii i- Li. uuiv"m ,
.,'-iti, a hnntr in his Uter bouts
avuj " o
here, will meet Kid Johnson of Ar
kansas, one of the prettiest built
fighters who has ever stripped for a
light. Johnson is a stranger to the;
fight fans of this district, but he
evidently knows the' game and is con
fident that he can put Collins in the
Bowling Results
The Pickups tightened their hold
on second place in the bowling tour
nament at the Y. M. C. A. Tuesday
night by defeating the strong C. Q.
Mine team. The Utter team was
consideiably weakened by the ab-team to play a western eleven at
sence of Captain Atkinson, which pasadena, Calif., on New "i ear's day
fact and a generous handicap en4 j was accepted late today,
joyed by the Pickups, made their j After consultation between the fac
victoiy comparatively easy. ul the athletic committee and mem-
The other match, between the C.jberg Qf the team yesterday.' which de
and A. and C. Q. Supply department, vel d favorabie sentiment, the mat-
teams, was prouueuve oi mucn mS" -
cr scores, the C. ana a. team man-:
.. . . . t 1 '
iner tne nisnesi team scure uui
in the tournament to date. In spite
of this they were unable to overcome;
the handicap allowed the Supply De-
,, , v.rti
pp.ment team and the latter won the (
game. Following are uie stuiea.
Pickups vs. C. Q. Mine.
1 3 Total
Wilson 136 141 139- 416
Cochran
Lund
154 138 132 424
119' 152 134 405
409 431 -405 1245
Handicap 117
Total
9 1362
Mine.
1 ' 2 3 Total
144 144 144 432
152 152 151 455
116 138 159 413
C. Q.
Atkinson
Brown ..
Thursby .
4f2 434 4541300
.Absent. Average of ' previous j
scores less ten per cent.
C. & A. vs. C. Q. Supply Dept.
C. & A.
12 3 Tolal
Amos 212 IS 172- 570
Rogers - 169 18 193- 547
Morgan 1 1
530 524 50S 1562
c. O. SuodW Dept.
1 3 Total !
Johnson 11 "Sr
nravfield 141 1U ioo
163 209 176 548
Wittig
4S5 496 500 HSU
.. 276 1
Handicap
Total ...
1757 :
Geological Map of
Louisiana
Only map of its kind in exist
ence, and the handsomest, show
ing producing oil and gas fields,
geological formation.; in differ
ent colors; hard colored, on
linen, size 44x4S inches: scale,
1 inch to 8 miles; shows south
ern jiortion of Arkansas ; east
ern Texas; western Mississippi:
entire state of Louisiana. No
oil iiu'ii or company can afford
to he wit !iout il. Special price,
$i:,.tm For sale by
The NEW YORK BROKERAGE
COMPANY
510 M-rket Shreveport,
Street La.
Mm " 15 BASKETBALL
OE
lias-been class. Collins, however, is!
in the best of condition, and is im-j
proving daily. He is boxing well, j
and the long punches that havej
brought home the ha enn fnr him ht-
iore are in better evidence than everj
before. The semi-final will go six '
rounds, and fans are exepcting as !
good a iishi In this event as in the
headline..
Anjilkc-:' six-round contest which is
g-aia to bring the fans to their feet,
and which will undoubtedly be the
liistest bout of the evening, will be
staged by Tony Ochoa, also of Tuc
son, who is a demon in action, and
George Burns, the Lowell fighter
who has been coming up steadily
within the last few months. Ochoa
is know as an extremely fast fighter
with a punch in either hand, while1
George has courage,, coolness, speed!
fJSDEC.11 TEAMS FORMED
and a punch that comes straight Team -So. 3: E. J. Lawrenson, cap
frpm his shoulder. This bout will tain; Kenneth Kellum, Ewell Hudson,
be on a par with the main event in Roy McAlister, William Shilliam and
any ether program ever given here.! Sim Chase.
The curtain raiser will show Batt-!
lmg.Herrera and oung Gntfo in ac-
. u . .
tion. Heriera is the stocky young
'
Mexican lad who won all the fans in
i
the hvst program by his courage, ag-;
- . ' . :
gross neness and the way in which
jf . ,
he could bring over a lelt swing that
...
a sucker in a bro-
kers oftice.
All in all .this ca,d wi.l be the .one;
iocsi uci oi puguibiiu jmi
Biabee, and tho :an who fails to tai;e ' " - . i ues-
it in, according to Manager French,.11'. 1)00 Wi Xo- 3 vs. No. 5 and No.
is bOing to miss the best series of : 1 vs. No. 4, Friday, Dec. 19; No. 2
bouts that has ever been arranged ! vs. No. 4 and o.N 1 vs. No. 5, Tues-
hcie. Seats went on saie jesieruay,
and the demand for them is already
. .
good. To assure fans the opyortu -
nity of getting, an equal distribution! the personnel of the foregoing teams,
of the good seats, the tickets are on land this team will plr.y the other
sale
in the Warren district at
French's Annex, Main street, lam -
many Hall, Brewery Gulch, and See-
L?y';j cigar store in Lowell.
:
Harvard Will Play
Western Eleven At
-r j "TMir Vnni-o
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Dec.
. invitation to the Harvard
i . referred to Dean Le Baron
ter was
K. Briggs. Lean Briggs decided to let
: the final word rest with the full com-
; mittee, which late today issued a
statement accepting the invitation
Willi Lliu y i w y i.-iv, uiab il h i uui ut.v.
shonl(i horeafter es.
tablish any regulation or make any
request that such a trip should not be
iniade view of lne fuel shortage,
triP would be cancelled.'
, Although the Harvara eleven Drone
training atfer the Yale game, Coach
! Robert Fisher is confident that he
can easily get his men in shape. It is
not yc-t known which coast team will
be Harvard's opponents.
A small deposit will reserve your
Christmas selection tilLDecember 20.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Ranchers and
Stock Feeders-Attention!
Wc have around 2,000 head of good, gentle Mexican
steers, suitable for feeding, from three years old up,
which we wish to put out for feed in such lots as can be
handled to advantage, and are willing to pay the follow
ing prices for weight gained:
1 1 cents per pound
1 2 cents per pound
1 3 cents per pound
1 4 cents per pound
1 5 cents per pound
1 6 cents per pound
1 7 cents per pound
for weight
for weight
for weight
for weight
for weight
for weight
for weight
Delivery will be made at Naco or Douglas, Arizona. Cor
respondence solicited from responsible parties on whom
our representative will call to look over the feed offered,
end complete all arrangements.
Address E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Arizona.
AT y , C, A,
With an eye to getting eventually
faoutnwestern championship in
the sPrt le basketball players of
the Warren district have organized
five tcams under the auspices of the
. M. C. A., and will i?in
ately to prepare to take the measure
of the best of the other teams of the
state and of El Paso. The basketball
teams now organized include the fol
lowing players:
Team No. 1: Byron Thomas, cap
tain; Hamp Cochran, Bohmer, A.
Kroloff, Will Wilson and Charles
McKay.
Team No. 2: Ernest Beyer, cap
ain; Bob Thomas, ComDton. Ole
Olson, Higgins, and Fred Carnes.
Team No. 4: J. B. Potter, captain;
Fleming, L. Fresco. H. Glendenning,
Bedford and Wilson.
Team Xo. 5: J. L. Benton, captain;
F. Champion. Giffie Williams. Tiocda.
L. Glendenning. Kirk and Bradv.
These teams will play the follow
ing schedule among themselves:
No. 1 vs. No. 2 and No. 3 vs. No. 4,
Tueulaj. Doc. 9 , No 2 No ;S and
' " ' ' . -
, j.
At the conclusion, of thij tourna-
; ment n players win be selected from
basketball organizations Of the south-
: west for the title. A schedule of
games is being arranged with the
teams of N'ogales, Douglas, Turson,
I Miami, El Paso and all the other
towns of the southwest. This big
tournament .will start, it is believed,
early in January.
SEEK RELIEF.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 3 Scores of
telegrams were received today by the
3. The I state railroad commission asking re
footba'l - Ifef from-fuel famines. A telegram
from Lauix-l said thore was much
sufl'ei ing.
COLLINS
AND
BRETBERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOC"
North Tip Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLOG.. MAIN 8TREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1123
gained first
gained first
gained first
gained first
gained first
gained first
gained first
60 days
70 days
80 days
90 days
100 days
1 1 0 days
1 20 days THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
PACE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YOUK. Dec.- 3. Dealings on
the stock exchange today were almost
the smallest, both as to volume and
scope, in many weeks, but the move
ment until the final hour, when rails
eased moderately, was one of almost
steady strength.
Trading retained all or its recent
professional aspects, aside from an
early demand far rails, in which fur
ther public or investment interest
was noted. Standard industrials, in
cluding United States Steel, were sim
ilarly favored, according to board
rcom gossip.
Motors, steels and equipments com
prised the bulk of the day's dealings,
General Motors, Texas Company.
Mexican Petroleum and Crucible Steel
again setting u pat; for others of
those groups at extreme gains of 4
to 10 points. -
Shippings, leather, tobacco, coppers
and allied metals, also food issues
trailed along in desultory fashion,
losing some of their advantage in the
customary profit taking movement at
.the close. Sales, 625.000 shares.
Liberty issues rallied slightly on
reduced offerings, but the general list
including the international division,
was irregular. Total sales, par value,
$20,700,000. Old United States bonds
were unchanged on gall.
COPPEUS
MINERAL. MARKET
NEW YORK, De:. 3. Lead steady;
spot, $6.65&6.75. Zinc steady; spot,
East St. Louis delf.very, $8.258.57.
Bar silver. $1.30. Copper steady;
18iilSi2c.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Dee. 3. Cotton closed
barely steady at a.- net decline of 18
to 55 points.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations December 3,
NEW YORK STOCKS
American Can -
American Car Foundry...
American Beet . ...
American Smelters ,
American Linseed
American Locomotive .....
Allis r.. ....
Baldwin .
Bethlehem Steel
B. O -
Canadian Pacific.
Cerro
Central Leather .,
Crucible....- ...
C. & O.
Dutch .
General Motors .'.
Great Northern pfd
Great Northern Ore -.
Goodrich
Industrial Alcohol
International Nickel
Maxwell Motors ..
Marine
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific-
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas
Pennsylvania -
Pan American
Pierce Arrow
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Cons
Studebaker
Texas Pacific
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
U. S. Steel
U. S. Food
Willys
Westinghouse
NEW YORK COPPERS
Anaconda : .
Butte
Chino ..
Chili
Green Cananea
Inspiration
Miami
Nevada
Old Dominion
Ray Con
Shattuck .".
1919
51
134
92
63
69
93
41
101
92
32
139
54
92
202
57
99
333
79
38
79
101
.22
37
47
285
196
69
81
97s
48
41
102
77
76
104
122
S7
94
46 Vi
108
41
285
124
102
76
29
52
57
22 .
36
18
34
48
22
33
20
11
Utah...
POSTON
Arcadian
Arizona Coml
Allouez
C. & A -
c. fc h :
C. Range
Daly West
Davis Daly
East Iiutte
Franklin -
Granby
Hancock..
Helvetia -
Keewanna .
Lake Copper . .....
May Old Colony.
North Butte -
Nipissing
New Cornelia
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quency -
Royale . '. ....
Shannon -
Seneca
Utah Cons
Ventura ,
Winona
NEW YORK CURB
Amalgamated Roy
Aritex :
Con. Copper
Cresson
Denn -
Dundee
Gadsden .
llecla :
Howe
Hull
Jerome Verde ..
Kay -
Mag. Copper
Magma Chief ..
Miami
Night Hawk
Porphyry
Ray Hercules
Silver King
Verde .
Verde Combination T
Wolv-Arizona .....
3
12
33
63
390
44
2
10
14
4
50
6
3
1
4'4
6
12
12
19
48
22
60
31
2
16
8
16
1
1
' 1
5
2
25
3
4
35
1
30
10
5
37
. 1
3
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
Bid Ask
Argo 6
Gold Ore 2 3
Gold Dust : 9 10
Gold Cliff : 12
Lucky Boy 5
Sunnyside 7 8
Telluride 24 26
Tom Reed 1.60 1.62
United Eastern 3.87
Red Lion 20
. r OTHER CURBS '
Gadsden 2.00 2.50
Green Monster .25 .37
Dundee - 50 .75
Jerome Verde .45 .55
Magma Chief 37 .50
Wolv-Arizona 2.75
Verde Combination 25 .37
Night Hawk : 5.00 5.25
Kay 1.50 1.60
North Tigre Leas 25
Con. Cop. Mines 4.87 5.00
Nacozari Consolidated .40 1.00
Feather River Copper.. 1.00
OIL STOCKS
Bid Ask
Big Four .80 .90
Duke of Dublin 75
Comanche Home : 1.25
Comanche County 1.00
El Paso Ranger 50 .70
El Paso Burkburnett 5.00
Jaggers Wallace 50
Ocean ....... 1.60 1.70
Ranger Central 2.30 2.50
Ranger Burk 1.60
Silver Cycle 90 1.05
Tepas Ciude .40
Weimar : 1.00
U. S. Oil . .10
Bisbee-Texas 1.00
Homer Union 1.50 1.60
Service 1.00
Southwestern Dev.
First Issue 2.00 2.23
Second Issue . 1.75 2.00
First Option , 70
Second Option .50
; Stock (no option) 1.50
Ivory Pyralin the genuine Du
Font's Single pieces
selection. Buy early.
Co. Advt.
and sets; fine
Lowell Drug
Hair Trouble Successfully Treated
Mrs. Llna Belperio.
whose photograph
appears here, sent us
a.very interesting
worn statement of
the remarkable re
sults she and her
children obtain
ed from the Calvn
C u r a Method. We
would like to send
you a copy of this
etatement.
Mrs. John Malouin
writes: "The fcrmple
box starteil a Krowtn
of new hair nnd I am
so pleased t am
sending for a full
treatment."
Mr. Frank H. Wright
Bays: "Your Calva
cura No. 1 cured me.
also my brother-in-law,
and I can re
commend it to any
one." Do You Suffer from
Pnndruff. falling
Tfair. Prematurely
Oray Hair. Stripy.
Sticky or Matted
Hair. Itching or F
zema of the fVnlp?
Are yon hald headed
or nearly so?
Delays Are Dan
gerous If yon suffer
from any of the hair
troubles mentioned
above, do not nrs
lect It. trv to relieve
the trouble at once.
It us send you our
Illustrated lhook,
"The Triumph cf
Science Over Tlald-
CALVACURA STOPS HAIR FALLING ness," and a liberal
sample of Calvacur;
THE CALVACURA METHOD is a
Simple Test If you
find hnlrn adhere to
scientific, natural method, invariably your comb, examine
producing gratifying results. them closely H the
r , " " ' root is p a 1 o , dry.
dead looking, take
warning: cornet the
trouble-; ir. you want
to save your hair
anl make it grow.
Let Us Prove to
you by sending you
a Sample Treatment
that the Oalvacura
Natural Method of
Hair Culture stons
the falling of hair,
driving away dand
ruff and eczema of
the sculp and pro
motes the growth of
new hair We will
send n liberal sample
of Calvar-ura No. 1
and our illustrated
book on the care of
the hair and scalp, if
you will write your
name and address
plainly on a piece of
paper and enclose it
with ten cts. silver
or stamns. as evi
dence of your pood
faith, in an envelope
addressed Union
Laboratory, 267 21st
St., Blnghamton, N.
Y.
DO IT NOW, BE
FORE YOU
FOROET
l:.:f?rlr' i&tA
""' "' 1 - vS'Si I llilWii'l
i OF C, SQGIAL
BIG SUCCESS
Enteitaining more than 125 mem
bers of the order and their friends,
the local council of the Knights of
Columbus staged a get-together so
cial at its hall on Opera Drive last
Sunday evening which was after
wards declared to be one of the most
enjoyable affairs of its kind ever
presented here. Boxing bouts, mu
sic, songs and speeches, helped out
by gniokes and refreshments, were
distinguishing features of the social,
which was the foierunner of a series
of the same kind of entertainment.
The boxing bouls were staged by
Tiny and f.runer Zumsteg, the clever
your.gslers who have appeared often
before Bisbee audiences; AU Mauch,
the weli-known middleweight, and
Frank Loughery, the CJiiladelphia
Bearcat, and Johnnie Meyer, who
meets Happy Woods of Tucson here
on Dec. 11, and Johnnie Hughes. An
amusing bit of comedy was intro
duced in the Mauch-Loughery con
test when, at a prearranged signal,
thev swung on the referee, bringing
the audience to its feet with the
thought that they "had started something."
The songs were sung by Tom
Kelly and Dan Murry; there was
some clever clog-dancing, and Wal
ter Caldwell, the New Mexico youth
who made a favorable impression
here in his bout with Fred George
two weeks ago. gave a bag-punching
exhibition. In addition a number of
fines of small amount were chalked
up against the spectators for various
infractions of the rules, which pro
vided in themselves a continual
round of hilarity.
S. W. Oil Co. Brings
In Producing Well
Word was received in Bisbee yes
terday that the Southwestern Oil &
Development company, the holdings
of which are in the Desdemona field,
has shot its Brown No. 1 well. When
the charge was exploded oil arose in
the casing to a height of 1,000 feet in
three hours, showing a pumping pro
duction of about 250 barrels a day.
The company, however, will put in a
two-inch casing in place of the 6
inch cashing now in the well, with
the idea of having the oil gush, thus
obviating the need of pumping.
The company's Brown No. 2 well
is down 330 feet. On November '30
the Woods No. 2 well was down 3,307
feet and preparations were being
made to install smaller casing. The
Woods No. 3 is down 660 feet.
The Woods No. I wel lis still pro
ducing between 900 and 1,100 barrels
daily without agitation or any other
additional work. The weather in the
district is reported as being very bad,
with much snow. The roads are said
to be almost impassable and much
trouble in transportation is antici
pated.
Fine line of engraved Christmas
Cards. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Cigars your favorite brand, packed
in boxes of ten or 25 Ideal gift for
him. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
. Fine line of engraved Christmas
Cards. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Women
Made Young
Bright eyes, a clear skin and a body
full of youth and health may be
yours if you will keep your system
in order by regularly taking
COLD MEDAL
UJELW
Til world's standard remedy for kidney
tlver, bladder and uric acid troubles, the
enemies of lile and looks. In be since
1696. All druggists, three sizes.
ok for the name Cold MadaJoa every boa
mad oceept no imitation
From Photograph Not Retouched
Successful Scientific Treatment j
Rough, Red Hands Made
Smooth and White
By cleansing with a neutral soap and
the frequent application of
MARINELLO
Rose Leaf Jelly
followed by sponging the surface with
Phantom Powder. Full explanation
and booklet free.
McDonald's Marinello Shop
Phone 305
COCHISE CO,
DIVIDED INTO
1 DISTRICTS
Shop bari-
PONT"
FORGELT.
GRANDMA!
ONLV
i pays
TO FINISH
THE-
CHRtSTMftS
The board of supervisors, before
adjourning their regular monthly
meeting yesterday, redistricted Co
chise county into seven legislative
districts, as provided by the law
voted into the statutes ty the people
at the last general election. The
vote for governor at the last election
was taken as a basis for the districts
which were divided as evenly as pos
sible, according to the number of
votes in the contiguous precincts
which compose the new districts.
The new districts, from which a rep
resentative will be elected next year,
as made public by Clerk L. F. Kuch
enbecker of the board, follow:
District No. 1, composed of Bisbee
precincts Nos. 2, 3, 4 and 5.
District No. 2, composed of Bisbee
precincts 1 and 6, and Lowell 2 and 3.
District No. 3, composed of Lowell
No. 1, Don Luis, Naco, "Warren and
Hereford.
District No. 4, composed of Doug
las 4. 5, 6, 10 and Pirtleville.
District No. 5, composed of Doug
las 1, 2, 3 7 S 9 and. Bernardino.
District No. 6 composed of West
Huachuca, Garces, Buena, Turner,
Fairbank Tombstone, Curtis, St. Da
vid Courtlaiul, Gleeson. Benson, Rob
inson, P-ol, Mescal, Dragoon, Ser
voss, Pearce and Johnson.
District No. 7, composed of Mc
Alister Bowie,. San Simon, Dos Ca
bezas, Cochise, Willcox, . El Dorado,
Light Wilgus, Paradise, Webb, Me
Neal, Whitewater," Central Bridge,
Rucker, Lusk and Allaire.
The two state senators are still to
be elected from the county at large.
Cattle company, which had developed '
and improved the lands. The Leslie j
Canyon lands went to James Huns-
aker, the cattleman, who had devel
oped and improved them.
Representative McDonald of the
state land, department conducted the
sale. Today Mr. McDonald goes to i
Clifton to conduct a sale of state
lands in Greenlee county.
, ;
m
k ' 'ys. W40h I
Quality Goes GearThrough
Dolls and Kewpies buy
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
early, j
1: m
Dolls and Kewpies
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
buy early.
Public Lands Are
Sold At Tombstone
Sale of several thousand acres of
state lands was conducted at Tomb
stone yesterday, the lands being sit
uated in the vicinity of the Riggs set
tlement at the foot of he Chiricahua
mounains, and at Leslie Canyon in
the Swisshelms. The Riggs lands
were mostly bought in by the Riggs
WHEN RHEUMATIC
PAINS HIT HARD
Have S!oj.'s Liniment ready for
thoceoudden rheumatic
k twinges
DON'I
or a
Lini
'T let that rheumatic ooin
ache find you without Sloan's
liniment acain. Keen it handv
in the medicine cabinet for immediate
action when needed. If you are out of
it now, get another Lottie today, 60
you won't 6uffer any longer than nec
essary when a pain or ache attacks you.
Apply it without' rubbing for it
' penetrates giving prompt relief of
sciatica, lumbago, neuralgia, lameness,
soreness, sprains, -strains, bruises, lie
prepared keep it handy.
All druggists 35c, 70c., $1.40.
It Is true that the Dort is more than ordinarily
economical in the use of gasoline and oiL
Its tire mileage, likewise, is visibly higher than
is usual.
The sum of your savings in these three points
will run up to an appreciable amount in the
course of a season.
But you wiH find the most noteworthy econo
my of the Dort in such items as overhauling,
tuning up and replacements.
It requires the minimum of service attention to keep
it i fit condition ?r.d continuous service.
Two factors are chiefly responsible for this. They
typify the Dort ideal in manufacture.
One is the skill ?nd pcinstaking precision which
characterizes every step in the process of production.
The other is the extreme simplicity and accessibility
of Dort construction.
The first provides you with a car that is certain to
travel smoothly, ably, quickly and reliably for a long
time. ' ;
The second m?kes it possible for. you yourself
without expert and expensive assistance to adjust,
tune-up or "dope" up any part when that should be
come desirable.
Your appreciation of the Dort will grow with every
mile you drive it and every month you own it. Terms
to suit. '
Bisbee Auto Co., Main St
i
Hand .
UrmWT' 1 A- Rogers, Rep., Dort Motor Cars I
5F$CS3$2 SPEED
13 mil J X-:
1 hit chart has oeen w orkci pt
by leading automobile sngi-
neevs. It shows how quickly
an automobile going at vanoua
speeds, should be able to stop
it the brakes are efficient.
Be sure your car is safe. Go to a Thermoid
dealer today und have your brakes inspected.
Have your brakes
inspected today
B
WTM J. O
per hour win your car ao cms t
. a -) t -j,
-37 nr
-S3 frr
"83.3
"113 frr
m -
SO miles ?&S--
-48fC
"231 fr.
lECAUSE brake lining is
out of sight, it is com
monly overlooked and yet
the safety of your car your own
life is dependent upon your
brakes.
. Inefficient brake lining may
mean injury and death.
Are you insured against the
emergency that may come to
morrow or perhaps today when
everything may depend upon
your brakes?
Join the Brake Inspection
Movement
The Brake Inspection Movement
was originated by the Thermoid Rub
ber Company and is being supported
by piominent police officials, auto
mobile club presidents, newspapers
and safety first societies through
out the country.
The object of the movement is to
prevent the 62 per cent of accidents
that are 'caused every year by, faulty
brakes.
Go to a Thermoid Brake Lining
dealer today and let him inspect
your brakes.
He is an expert and knows his job,
and if your brakes are okeh he will
frankly tell ycu so.
I. they need new brake lining he
will equip your car with Thermoid
Brake Lining because he knows it
will make you a satisfied customer.
Why Thermoid makes friends
. It proved 100 efficient on the
motor transports that served with
Pershing in France.
It is guaranteed to make good or
the company behind it will. ;
Visit a Thermoid dealer today--have
the satisfaction of knowing the
true condition of your brakes he is
waiting now to give you prompt,
courteous, honest service.
Thermoid Rubber Compam
Factory and Main Office: Trenton, N. j.
New York, Chicago, San Franeiaco, Detroit,
Lo Anucki, rbilaJciphia.'.Clevelaod. Pittibtugh.
Bocton, London, Par!, Turin
Canadian Diltributora :
The Cacudian l:airbcnka-Moc Co., Limited.
Montreal
linnet-; in ail principal Ccaadifca
fHermoicI Brake Li
Hydraulic Compressed
Hl.,kors of "Thm moid-Hardy Universal Joints" and "Thermoid Crolide Compound "lire ' EAGE SEVEN
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1919
THE BISBEE D A 1 L X R E Y 1 E
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word for
eacn Irsertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ads will be
elveJ later than 7 p. m. for insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over ihc teleshcn.
For Sale
FOK SALE Four-cylinder, 7-passen- j
ger Lozier automobile; machine in
excellent condition. See C. M.
Gregovich at S. K. Williams office.
1826-tf
FOR SALE Cigar stand, lunch coun
ter and soft drink business. Apply
to S. K. Williams. 1827-tf
FOR SALE Used pianos, $145 175
$200 350; also new pianos and
players; complete line. W. Muir,
Main street. 1S36-I2-7
FOR .'A'E Restaurant, doing good
business. , Box 242, Lowell.
1835-12-10
FOR SALE One Ford speedster, $275
and one Chevrolet, 5-passenger,
$300; both in Al condition. McCoy
and Kinmore, Lowell.. 1834-12-6
FOR SALE Car, bargain, 1917 Willys
Knight 5-passenger, new rear end,
flywheel, propeller, shaft and bat
tery, good seat cushions, upholster
ing, top and body, paint fairly good,
shock absorbers, 4 good tires and 6
rims;' priced at -400 lor quick sale;
$200 cash, terms" on balance. Call
at Thain garage on O. K. street.
1S3S-12-5
FOR SALE Finely equipped speed-.
ster; electric lights and starter.
This is a classy car. Terms. In-
quire at once. Long Trail Garage,.
Lowell. 1S04-12-9
FOR SALE One 6 h. p. engine, Mor
ris & Fairbanks; new; never been
useu; u bargain Mrs. M. T. Frush.
... ' . . 1S05-12-16
,. t
FOR SALE Marks rooming house,
Lowell. Doing good business.
1694-12-7
FO RSALE A Ludwig piano, in Al
condition, $125 cash. Inquire 93B,
Young Blood Hill. 1822-12-9
FOR SALE Studebaker truck body.
See at Metz Soda Works.
1824-12 5
rOlt SALE 14-horse power, 60 cyc'e,
ISO volt indu-tion motor. BUj'-e
Paily Review. . 209-S-2'-ttt
FOR SALE: 5 ROOM MODERN
brick house, all built in features on
Boulevard fourth house to left up
from hospital stop, Warren. 1714-12 5
FOR SALE 8-room house, one barn,
1 lot with 22 fruit trees. Cochise
road. R. C. Maruisch, owner.
1678 Dec 9
FURNITURE OF HOTEL AND RES
tadrant for sale with privilege of
renting hotel. Naco, Arizona, next to
Immigration office. 1679 Dec. 9 j
FOR SALE Small restaurant doing
good business. Answer to P. O.
Box 907. 1705-12-12
FOR SALE Large safe, combination
strong box 'and bottom, e.t uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 1577-tf
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe!ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1265-tf
OR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea &. Co.
E89Stf-17
DON'T SELL YOUR, CAR until you
see us. We buy them running or
wrecked. Hishest prices paid for
metals, rubber, sacks, hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co.,
Lowell. Ariz. Thone 446. 1474-tf
FOR SALE Full size birdeye maple
bed with spring and mattress. Phone
314. A. J. Fairclough, Warren.
1682-Nov. 26-tf
FOR SALE Three-room house, with
or without furniture; a bargain; no
bills. McDougall, 37 Laundry Hill.
Motz car stop. 1733-12-6
FOR SALE -$150 takes a stripped
Studebaker. 4; fine rubber all
around; two seats; sHf starter;
electric lights, but no battery with
it at this price. 'Address P.O. Box
2072. 1751-12-6
Female He'p Wanted
.WANTED Chambermaid at Copper
Queen Hotel. 1819-12-3-tf
WANTED
Hotel.
-Kiichen help.
Warren
1815-12-6
WANTED Girl for
work. Phone 493.
Zt.ncnu nottse-
1552-tf
Positions Wanted
WANTED Job us truck driver or can
driver. Experienced. P. O. Box No. .
us.;:. isos-12-4!
WANTED Position (as , rodmaii or'
draftsman; have had' two years of!
railroad work. P.O. Box No. 2(i:V.',.
1S09 12 4
,
WANTED Work by experienced
housekeeper with boy 2 years. 2'
Laundrv Hill. North McU car Mop.
11-'12-1
- U!
Read the Daily Review "V aut Ada.
For Rent
FOR RENT Two-room house with
screen porch, furnished. Miss Win-
wood, Winwood Addition.
1828-12-10
FOR RENT 3-room furnished apart
ments, clean, comfortable and
homey; desirable parties only. Rex
Arms Apartments, O. K. street, one
block from depot, 1829-12-10
FOR RENT Three-room house with
kitchenette. School Hill. Phone
Blue 822. 1831-12-10
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children. Anna Murphy,
218 High road. 1832-12-13
FOR RENT 4-room h6use, furnished,
or 2-room apartment with sleeping
porch. Mrs. Grace Williams, Claw
son Hill. 1S33-12-10
FOR RENT One well lurnisiiefi room.
Call between 10 a. ni. and 3 p. m. at
Mrs. Grace Williams, Clauson Hill.
1720-12-5
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Furnished room wun a
garage, one block from Wrarren
postoffice. Phone Blue 475 or 175.
1698-11-tf
f wUK nouseneeping rooms ior rem
cheap. 12 Jiggersville. .1816-12-5
FOR RENT Unfurnished nine-room
house on Vista street, Warren;
would rent to June 1 only. Phone
465, Jesse Yoakum. 1820-12-7
FOR RENT Four-room house. In
quire Mrs. Mary Muffro. 89 Brew
ery Gulch. 1821-12-9
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, batch
ing, light housekeeping or bed
rooms. Phone 660, No. 143 Brewery
Gulch. 1823-12-9
Misceh
THE FAMOUS SPENCER SURGICAL
SUPPORT A representative of the
famous Spencer Surgical and Ab
dominal supports for hernia, rup-
ture, floating kidney and ptosis for
. men or women; also the Spencer
dress corset; all supports and cor
sets fitted by Mrs. D. Marion Knox,
representative, Grand View Apart
ments, Bisbee. Telephone 778.
1837-12-10
CLOTHES
works.
BOUGHT.
CITY DYE
1681-12-26
LEE WOMBLES. the small job
con
tractor. Brick, stone, cement and
carpenter work. Phone Green 822
Box 387, Bisbee. 1569-12-18
F. E. HANCOCK, Signs. Thone 610,
Johnson addition. 1667-12-19
LEARN actual auto repair, vulcaniz
ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School. ll-tf
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wrecked or
i unking; also junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.,
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tf
MATERNITY HOME, Mason Hill,
consult your physician and call 573
Black for terms, etc. 1718-12-12
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
well and feel well. "All corsets fit
ted by Ines Warburton. Price $2.50
up. Jext to Arizona Grocery store.
1699-12-5
EXPERIENCED SALESMEN.
We manufacture and control exclu
sively a complete line of Art and
Commercial Calendars, Monthly Ad
vertising Service, and a wide range
of attractive, quick selling Special
ties in Celluloid and Leather. Per
manent year-round employment un
der a liberal commission contract
with remittances weekly. Experi
ence in our line not essential. 1920
selling season opens January first.
The oldest and largest house in the
advertising specialty field Terri
tory available in Arizonp. Please
give age, experience and references,
first letter. THE AMERICAN ART
WORKS, Coshocton, Ohio.
1740-12-13
Wanted
WANTED Someone to take Superior
dining room and kitchen; will board
I for rent. Phone 325.
1S06-12-7
. WANTEI Room, private family.
close in. s ncle ladv. Address F. II.
care Review.
1719-12-5
i
WANTED Woman to work 2 hours
a day, either from 10 to 12 or 1 to
3. Phone 779. 1S23-12-5
CAN TUBERCULOSIS BE CURED?
Dr. Glass has posl- 4 'J.V"?
Vvf) pft.of he is able
t, cure Tuberculosis
ty inhalation In aaj
j Htmated.
i Vir further info
tum inn address
GLASS INHA
LENT CO.. SUITE
512. MASON BLDG .
.LOir! ANGELKSJ.
I CALIFORNIA.
urn
FOREMAN SAYS IT
SAVED HIS LIFE
Mahoney Never Expected to Get Out
of Bed Again Now Back
at Work.
Many wonderful endorsements have
been given Tanlac, but the statement
made October 9th by James Mahoney,
of 22 East Fifteenth street, Los An
geles, Cal., is so remarkable as to be
almost incredible.
Mr. Mahoney, however, is a man of
unquestioned Integrity and has been
foreman "at the Richards-Naustadt
Construction company ten years.
His neighbors have corroborated his
remarkable statement in every detail
and will do so again if called upon.
"It was being talked among my
friends," said Mr. Mahoney, "that I
was going to die and I don't believe
anyone' ever had a much closer call.
Closely following an injury to my
back, caused by lifting some steel last
July a year ago, my whole system
seemed to give 'way. My stomach
commenced hurting me terribly and
I suffered from gas and indigestion.
There seemed to be a lump in my
stomach and I could not eat a thing
without intense pain afterwards. My
appetite left me entirely and I got so
weak 1 could not even lift ten pounds.
Then I became constipated and my
kidneys got out of order and dis
turbed me so at night I could not
sleep sound. I was in misery all the
time and so weak I could nol lift my
feet to go up the steps. I could not
straighten up for the pain in my
stomach. Before these troubles start
ed I weighed one hundred and forty
five, but dropped down until 1 weigh
ed only sixty-five pounds, and if there
was ever a living skeleton.! was. I
could hear my friends, who came in to
see me, say, 'Poor Jim, he can't last
much longer,' and I had no hope my
self of ever getting up. In spite of
all that could be done I kept getting
worse. That lump like feeling m my
stomach seemed to get larger and the
pain more intense. Finally I was told
nothing more could be done except to
operate and I was too weak to stand
that.
"One day a frriend, who had been
coming to see me often, told me how
Tanlac had helped his daughter and
urged me' to try it. At first I refused,
as my wife was opposed to anything
except prescribed medicines. But one
day this friend offered to go and get
me a bottle of Tanlac with the under
standing that no one else know" about
it. Well, I started taking it and By
the time he brought me the third
bottle I was feeling better. I stopped
everything else, kept taking Tanlac
and slowly improving. 1 soon noticed
the pain in my stomach easing up and
that lumpy feeling began to leave. I
sot to eating something and then
commenced getting back my lost
weight and strength. 1 kept taking it
until I used twenty homes and as a
result I am in better shape than I
was for years even berore I was
taken sick. I now weigh one hundred
and thirty pounds, so you see my
weight has exactly doubled. 1 am
working every day and can do . the
heavy lifting just the same as I ever
could. I am not bothered any more
with my kidneys or constipation and
I sleep like a top every night. My
food tastes good and my appetite is
simply fine. My wife now thinks just
as I do, that Tanlac is the grandest
medicine ui the world. I will praise
it as long as 1 live, and I never ex
pect to be without it."
Business Locals
New shipment of select books just
arrived. Popular copyrights and chil
dren's Christinas books. Buy early.
Lowell Drug Co. Adv.
Beautiful line of fancy stationery.
Ideal Christmas presents. Lowell
Drug Co. Adv.
Kodaks are scarce, but you can gef
a good one for Christmas if you buy
now. Lowell Drug Co. Adv.
Fountain pens for Christmas. See
our stock, plain and decorated. Low
ell Drug Co. Adv.
IKst hot chocolate in tov.n Dail
and Sunday. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
A small deposit will reserve youi"
Christmas selection till December 20.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
PeWumery lor Christmas rainier:;.
Roger Valets, Djer Kiss. Adt.
Perfumery ior Christ mas - -Paliurj;- s,
j Roger Galel's, Dj-r Kiss.-
-Advt.
Buy him a case "lor his Koih.lv
a tank developer. Lowell D.uk ('.
Advt. NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
It S. Land Office nl Phoenix. Aii.o.iiH.
Oc tober 31. 101 It
Notice is h'-retiy then that Hugh E.
l'kth r. of Hereford. Arizona, who.
nti .:iiniar 'J'.i. l'.l.". made Home
st Entry No. 026.198 for E'NKVi
SW'.NE'i. N..SK4NK'-i. 8Kl-4NKi
14NE1 I. Sec. 11. SHNW'iNW'i. Nl
V. S V V. N W . Nli1 N W ' i . N Vz SKI -4 '
NW'i.Nb!! NWViSWUNL'li, Section
12, Township 23-S. Range 0-E, G. &
S. R B & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three year Proof,
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at iBsbee, Arizona,
on the 12th day of December, 1919.
Claimant names at witnesses:
Henry Magne, of Garces, Ariz.
John Dinwiddle, of Garces, Ariz.
Peter Haverty, of Garces, Ariz.
Charles R. Biederraan, or Hereford,
Ariz. J. L. IRVIN,
11-8-19 26t Register.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise, State of
Arizona.
No. 3543.
Action brought in the Superior
Court of the State of Arizona, in and
for the County of Cochise, and the
Complaint filed in the said County of
Cochise, in the office of the Clerk of
said Superior Court.
Eduardo Reyes, plaintiff, vs. Juana
Reyes, defendant.
THE STATE OF ARIZONA SENDS
GREETING:
Juana Reyes: You are hereby re
quired to appear in an action brought
against you by the above named plain
tiff in the Superior Court of the
State or Arizona, in and for the Coun
ty of Cochise, and to answer the com
plaint filed therein within twenty
days (exclusive of the day of service)
after the service on you of this sum
mons (if served within the county,
otherwise within thirty days) or judg
ment by default will be taken against
you acocrding to the prayer of said
complaint.
Given under my hand and the seal
of the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona, in and for the County of Co
chise, this 6th day of November, In
the year of our Lord, one thousand
nine hundred and nineteen.
(Seal) ' J. E. JAMES,
Clerk.
By H. P. Johnson, Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA
In and for the County or Cochise
in the Matter of the Estate of
Alexander McKenzie, Deceased.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN by
the undersigned, Donald MacKenzie,
executor of the estate of Alexander
McKenzie, deceased, to the creditors
or, and all persons haying claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit
them with the necessary vouchers
within four months after tho first
publication of this notice, to the raid
executor at the office of Fred Sutter
attorney at law. Maze Building. Bis
bee, Cochise County, Stat of Ari
zona, the same being the nines lor
the transaction of tne Dusiness of
said estate in said county.
DONALD MACKENZIE,
Execu.'or.
Dated this 6th day of November
5 At A
First publication Nov. 12.
U. S. LAND OFFICE
Phoenix, Oct. a, 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 042D65.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
FOR
PATENT.
Notice is nereby given mat In pur
suance of the United States Minrng
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes; whose post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, has
made application for patent for 149o.
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. x
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 1495 lin
ear feet of the Black Hawk No. 4
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated in tne
Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field notes on file in tne
office of the Register of; "the Phoenrx
Land District. State of Arizona, a.
fotlows, viz:
Black Hawk No. f:
Beginning for a description "of tne
Clack Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner No.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
2S-33 T. 23 S . R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B. Ac
M. brs. S. O. 9 35' E., 1560.7 fr.;
thence N. 62" 17' W. 600 ft. lo Cor.
No. 2; thence N. iS00 35' W. 1495.8 ft.
io Cor. No. 1, 'the place of beginning
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. No
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees
21-23 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M.. bis. No 20 11' E. 218.6 rt.;
thence S- 62" 17' E. COO ft. to Cor
i No. 2; thence S. 28 .5' W. 141)5 ft.
Cor. No.. 3 thence N. 62" 17' VV.
6U0 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
r.r' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lcxle, at Cor. No.
1, whence the 'i Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S. R. 25 E.. G & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 4:: lfi' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. fiOO ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 2S 5.r.' W. 1495 ft
lo Cor. No. 3; thence N..C24 17' W.
;) ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2S 55'
K. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the placu or
beginning.
Beninr.inp for a ilesci Iption of rue
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1. whence the Cor. between Sees
21-2S T.. 23 S . H. 25 E.p t J. & S. R TV
& M.. brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.G ft.:
thence S. 62 17' E. 60) ft. to Cor.
No. L': tnence N. 2S 55' W. 1495.8 ft
Id Tor. No. thence N fiu- 17' W
600 fl to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2V
r..v i:. ititr. ft t tr. n i. tha piac
of heginnin.
Mesinnlti for .i description of I lie
Black Uawl; No ,r hIe. ill Cor. No I.
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sec
21 -2s. T s. is. 25 i:.. J & S is. B
m.. t.ih n. -jo" ir e -ls.i; rt.;
Ihtucts N. 21T i5' L t'00 ft. to Cxi.
1 --'o. 2, thcace S. W 1'" L 1000 it
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 rt.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62' 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, in
township 23 South, range 25 East, ot
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian In Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, EooK
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 4Z0,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tae
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed
and owned by J. Muheim. !
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to nie
their adverse claims with the Regrs
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the 6lxty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of the
statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Sealed proposals will be received
umil 2 p. m. January 3, 1920, at the
office of the Board of Supervisors,
Cochise County, Tombstone, Arizona,
for the construction of sections 2A and
2B of the Bisbee-Douglas highway fed
eral aid. project No. 11.
The work consists approximately
89.377 square yards of pavement.
Proposals shall be addressed to
Thos. Maddock, state engineer, Tomb
stone, Arizona, and plainly marked on
the outside of the eiiverope "State
Highway Contract, Blssee-Douglas
Highway."
Plans and specifications may be
seen at the office of the state engineer
Phoenix, Arizona, or at tne office of
th.e Board of Supervisors of Cochise
county, Tombstone, Arizona, copies of
the plans and specifications may be
obtained on payment or five ($5.00)
dollars to Thos, Maddock, state engi
neer.
An unendorsed certified or cashier's
check for 5 per cent of the total
amount of the bid, payable to the state
treasurer of Arizona will be required
with all proposals.
Satisfactory bonds wrri be required
of the contractor to whom award is
made.
The slate engineer reserves tht
right to reject any or all bids.
All proposals shall be made on
blanks furnished for that purpose.
Phoenix, Arizona, Oct. 16, 1919.
THOS. MADDOCK, State Engineer,
LEGAL NOTICE.
This is to certify that Beatrice
Powers has made application for a li
cense to operate service car anywhere
jin state of Arizona; and notice is fur
Ither given that a hearing on said ap
plication will be held before said Ari
zona Corporation Commission at the
city hall, in the city of Bisbee, Ariz.,
at 9 a.m. on the 8th day of Decem
ber, 1919.
Dated at Bisbee Ariz., this 2nd day
of December, 1919.
(Signed) BEATRICE POWERS.
12-l-3t
LEGAL NOTICE.
This is to certify that S. F. Bailey
has made application for a license to
operate freight truck in Warren and
vicinity; and notice is further given
that, a hearing on said application will
be held before said Arizona Corpora
tion Commission at the city hall in
the city of Bisbee, Ariz., at 9 a. m. on
the 8th day of December, -1919.
Dated at Bisbee, Ariz., this 3d day
of December, 1919.
(Signed) S. F. BAILEY.
Adv-12-5
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
. NoiIcg is hereby given: That Alma
Clason. whose postoffice address Ts
Bisbee. Arizona, has mado applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate rn
I tlie wrren Mining District, Cochise
j Counry, Arizona, lu Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 G.
O & S R B Sr M described as Toi
:oa, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning ttt Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 20' 10' W. 9074.0
feet; thenco S. 75 17' E. C52.60 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
v. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 37 53' E. 150tr.O
fleet lo Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133,
.vloriiirig Star lode, of 1.150 acres, aud
with 'Bisbee Townsite Survey of 1.TI5
hi1 res.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No I, the N. W. Coiner; whence U.
S M. M. No. 17"5. Warren Mining
District, bents N. 3 49' W. 930o.6
tout; thence S 75 17 E. 1500.0 feet
io Corner No. 2: thence S. 24' 25' W.
606.10 vol lo Corner No. 3; thenco
N. 75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24' 25' E. 606.10
feel lo Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding aret
t .n;.. i'lih siifviu' Vn 1.9'!J I
III VMI.H- "nil .....
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAB. NO. 3" Begru
uiug at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor-
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9885.2 feet; thence S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thencw
S. 24 25' W. 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area cf 19.882 seres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 1834, Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529
acres, and with Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acres.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' TT.
600.0 feet to Coiner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 15C0.& feet to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23' 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence V.
3. M. M. No. 1725. Warren MInm
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' W
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23" 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1. the place of beginning.
containing a net area of 17.614 acres
expressly excluding area in conrirct
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode o
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 3166.
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres.
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1. the S. E. Corner; whence the N. Tj
Corner of Soction 30. T. 23 S., R. S
F... G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6 43'
30" W. 10309 5 feet; thence N. 73
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26' 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.U
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 25
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.226 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162. Calcutta lode of 0.429
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30. T. 23
S., R. 24 E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. beam
S. 4" 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence W.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
i; thence N. 31' 55' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' K.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.
1. the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acre3, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 1881. North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
."ADELAIDE" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence the
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S...
R. 24 E. O. & S. R. B. & M. bears b
3 02' W. S770.2 feet; thence N. 75'
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. r.
thence N. 0 06' W. 978.20 feet tc
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence b.
75 17' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 5; j
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning, j
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,!
expressly excluding area in conflict j
with Survey No. 3162, Worchestei j
lode of 0.120 acres. Survey No. 3102 .
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and .with
Surve7 No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acres.
The location notices of these clarmsi
are recorded in the office of the!
County Recorder, Cochise County I
Arizona, as follows: I
Almette, recorded In Book 69. Rec-
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded in Book 59. Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recorded in Book C9, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning star No. 3, recorded tn
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord or Mines page 313.
Ani'a, recorded in Book 59. Record
of Mines, page 407.
Calvert, recorded In Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines. Daee 410.
Th mines of tho adjoining claims
to this
survey are: On the North,
Survey No. 1834. Cockney Hill lode,
and Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townsite.
Survey No. 2G74, Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
lode. Survey No. 1670. Contention j
lode. Survey No. 3166. Mdbnllght loae.j
and Survey Nc. 3162. Buck, Kite,;
Worchester.CalcuUa and Silica lodes; j
on the South, Survey No. 3162. Silica!
lode, anl Survey No. 1881. North Star
No. 2 lode; on the West. Survey No I
1SS1 North Star No. 3, North Star X !
I and North Star No. 2 lodes, and j
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill andj
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN.
' Register.
Copper Queen Hntfl and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon dailv. Also $1.25 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 ulO p. rn. Regular Hoard by the month $ 15.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Palne, Weber A Co.. Boston. Colcth. CilumM.
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK .ND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
i
D. C BROWN, M. D.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and the
fitting of glasses. Office phone
380. House phone, Green, 786
CAFE MARNE
CHLENTZOS BROS.
12 Main Street BISBEE
EXCELLENT CUISINE
Perfumery for Christmas Palmers,
Roger Galet's Djer Kiss. Vivadous,
Mary Garden, and Day Dream. Com
bination sets also. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt.
ITALIAN-FRENCH
RESTAURANT
Regular Meals 50c
Specials from 6 to 8 75c
Brewery Gulch
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phona 604
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630'
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teeth.
They should be attended to now. DR.
J. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bldg. Modern,
Painless Methods. '
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P.M.
Leaves . Nogales 1 P. M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia.
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZ1ER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
DR. PLAYFAI
Osteon jth
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car 8U.
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church, Main Street
i rhone 156 Bisbee. Ariz.
!.
Painting ani Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 728
I. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
Phone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete a.id Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate i
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121 v: : rips 4 j j v v
PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1910
TTps of
FROM EL PASO.
J. L. Jacobs is
El I'nso
a visitor hern from
SLIGHT ILLNESS.
Mrs. C. X. Shillim
her hom at Lowell
. illness.
is confined to
with a slight
WILL MOVE.
H. B. Smith will move into his new
heme in Wurien this week.
HERE FROM CANANEA.
Mrs. Brown from Caminea is visit
ing friends in Bisbee.
ON BUSINESS.
II. I). Kinnear is on a business trip
here from San Francisco.
BUYS NEW HOME.
J. F. Muir will move into the Jack
Koyal residence in Varren, which he
has Just purchased.
FROM ST. LOUIS.
M. L. ReddocK of St. Louis is
isitor in tihs city.
IN NEW HOME.
K. L. Iieastch will move next week
ir.to his new home on Campbell j
street in Warren. i
CARD PARTY.
Mr. and Mrs. Holcombe. Warren,
entertained friends at a ctrd party
and supper -in their home Saturday
night.
IN WARREN.
M. . A. McDonald Is visiting Mrs. ,
J. 31. Thome in Warren for a few;
days.
.
WORK CONTINUED. '
The carpenters and contractors are
busy aain in Warren. The recent
stoms prevented continuance of their
woik. but with the return of fair
weather the 20 homes in .Warren
under construction snoum suuu w
ccrnplete.
'
CHICAGO VISITOR.
Harry Friedlander of Chicago is
stopping at the Copper Queen hotel.
'
BUYS TRUCKS. !
Fran!: Bailey, who holds the gar-
bage contract in Warren, bought two
mo:e auto trucss i- e
garbage service.
BUSINESS VISITOR.
M. J. Flood, of El Paso, is a busi
ness visitor in this city.
LEAVES FOR TULSA.
C. Hinkle, who upon being dis
charged from the navy came to War
ren to visit his sister, Mrs. L. M.
Brown, lelt yesterday for Tulsa, Okla.
GOES TO EL PASO.
C A. Billman, brakeman for the
El Paso and Southwestern company,
is moving this week to El Paso,
where he will be employed by the
same company. He sold his home in
Warien to D. M. Ivey, who is
p'.oyed in the Warren Drug Co.
em-
MOVES TO WARREN.
C. O. Hopson is moving to a house
on Campbell street in Warren. He
has burn living i na home on Van
Dyke street.
RETURNS TO EL PASO.
John' Kawlings, purchasing agent
r r.iin.t ami Arizona com-
1U 111 V l. . V. ..- v .
nany, has returned from El Paso. Mi
that
Rawliags was iorceu iu
itv two months ago
because of
ick
ncss. He looks good aud says he has
icgV.ined his health.
CALLED BY FATHER'S DEATH.
Bassett Watkins and his brother,
Brewster WatU'.n-.. vrc ca'.led to
Ocean Park. Calir.. Tuesday night,
on account of the death of their
rather. Mr. Watkins, Sr.. had visited
his sons in IMsbee a number of times
mid had many friends here. He
leaves live cons. Bassett, Brewster
and Elwyn Watkins of Bisbee and
George and Hartey Watkins of Ocean
Park.
SHIPS CARS OF ORE.
Thomas Coven, mining man
of
in
Glee.-ioii.
was a DUEinens vimhj
wiv en route nom
from DounlsA,' where he shipped sev
eral care of ore.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Roger Siaaideis, a mining man of
the Tombstone section, was a visitor
in Bisbee yesterC.ay. accompanied by
his wife.
NEW CITIZEN.
Barn-To Mr. and Mrs. William
Foster of Quarry Canyon, on Dec. 1.
t nine-pound boy.
FORMER BISBEEAN DEAD.
The body of John Grayson, former
well known Bisbee resident, who
died a few days ago in Tucson passed
through OHborn V1""!
to the family home in Missouil for
iutc-.ment. His wuh.w accompanied
the body. Mr. Grayson was formcily
Ucket ayEent for the El M
Southwestern railroad m Biae'
l.avln ghere to accept a-similar post
in Tucpon. at which post he remained
until his death.
NACO OFFICIAL HERE.
Ricardo Moreno, juez del estado
Hvil of Naco, Sonora. was visiting
friends in Bishec ytbterday.
the Town
PIONEER RETURNS.
V. D. Kinsey, a pioneer resident of
P.iKbee, returned yesterday after an
absence of three years spent in vari
ous parts o fthe state, and will aain
make his home here.
TO DEVELOP OIL CLAIMS.
Pete Cook left yesterday for Santa
Rita, X. M., to work on oil claims
owned by his brother, Thomas C.
Cook.
PARENT-TEACHERS' MEETING.
Owine to the week's holiihiv in the
local- schools on the occasion of the;"n1, Reiair NVork in drifts," by Jack
annual county teachers' institute lastj
week, no meetine of the Parent-1
Teachers' association will be held
this month, as there was no- oppor-
tunity to prepare a program. The;1"""""' "uu lu Ul
next meeting will be held on the first
i Thursday afternoon in January.
HERE FROM DOUGLAS.
W. H- Webster, assistant manager
of the Phelps-Dodge corporation in
Douglas, spent yesterday in Bisbee.
POWDER MAN VISITS.
Joseph Rice, representing the Her
cules Powder company, was in town
vesterday.
GENERAL AUDITOR HERE.
M. H. Gallagher, general auditor
for the Phelps-Dodge corporation,
paid a flying visit to Bisbee yester
day. ADJUTANT LEAVES.
Eta.'.o Adjutant W. E. Ingalls, who
(was. here yesterday to inspect the
c.l(jets at the local high school, con-
, jrU;e,j yesterday evening to Douglas,
lie ir- inspecting the cadets in schools
throughout the state, this being his
fir;.t tour of the state for the pur-
50p s;nce he. assumed office. .
retURN AFTER TWO YEARS.
Mrs. J. F. Jewell are living;
ag.,in Jn Wan.en after an absence ofiways and timbering in sis-post raises.
tWQ years Mr. Jewell went to vai-
, iej0 in 1917, where he was employed
j in the government shipyards as a
'machinist. After two years of it
thgre he gayg he ia glad to get back
tQ hJj old nome in Warren. He says
rents and other living costs are
higher in California than they are
n thig district Mrs. Jewell is a
d hter of Constable Hj H. Bohn-
falk.
UP FROM MEXICO.
H. T. Hamilton, assistant manager
of the Xacozari mines in Mexico, is
in Warren with his wife visiting i
friends. Mr. Hamilton was a resmeni
of Warren five years ago. While
here on their visit the two will stop
at . a house on Llack Knob View
which they have rented.
FUNERAL FRIDAY.
' The funeral of Peter Jovanovich,
who was killed in Lindsay, Calir.. on
Nov. 28 in an automobile accident,
will take place Friday afternoon at
2 o'clock from the home of Lee Jo
vanovich and his brothers, No. 31
O. K. street. Rev. Jacob Morton
White of the Episcopal church will
officiate Interment will be in Ever
green cemetery.
Vivadous, Mary Garden, and Day
Dream: Combination sets also. Lowell
Drug Co' Advt.
Vivadous, Mary Garden, and Day
Dream; Combination sets also. Lowell i
Drug Co. Advt.
"1 can go;
BhicBird
does my
washing"
She who has a Blue
Bird is never "tied
down" on washday.
Her washing is "on
the line by nine"
she is not only free
to go but she is un
tired, for BlueBird
does the work.
And my, how much
longer clothes wear
whenvashed the Blue
Bird way he times as
long as when washed
on a rub-board.
Free demonstration
in your home.
Or see BlueBird to
day at our place,
. Hit
ELECTRIC CLOTHES WASHER
ON SALE AT
IT
LECTURE OH
Attesting the growing popularity of
the second practical mining course
I
conducted by the Phelps Dodge cor- j on Saturday at which the state or
poration, nearly 200 miners gathered .ini7..fiml nf ,., ntriniiV n,-,ier
in the Y. M. C. A. building yesterday
afternoon and evening to listen to an
interesting lecture on "Timbering
Kaucime, loreman Sacramento shalt.
The lecture, which is the fifth of the
t""'nrT- un"n l"r "l i
.,h nish'- snift at 1 'clock in thi uf' !
I shift at 7 o'clock in the evening
I "Mining today is becoming more of
j a business proposition than ever be
, fere," said Mr. . Rad cliff e in opening
i his lecture. "Mining concerns, like 1
; all o.her business concerns, are look
ing for men who have the executive
ability, ambition and push to direct
their operations. If a man expects
to receive advancement, it is, there
fore up to him to learn all he can
about the work he has chosen to fol
low. "The Phelps Dodge corporation,
Copper Queen branch, in starting this
course had the above end in View,
and you men who can show that yoa
have certain qualifications are the
ones who will take charge of the op
eration when the men now in charge
step out.
"Some time ago this company spent
a great deal of time and money try
ing out diilerent ways of having the
work done. From carefully kept rec
ords they adopted certain .methods
which seemed to them most suitable
for the different kinds of , work.
Most of you are familiar with the
methods adopted. The standard round
us(i 0 break drifts, standard man-
timbering in drifts and centralization
of other branches of the work are
some of the methods. The company
has adopzed these methods because
they are necessary to the successful
operation of their property.
"If one is satisfied to work for the
Phelps Dodge corporation it is his
duty7to do and see that, the work is
done just as the company wants it.
Among the topics explained by Mr.
Radcliffe in his lecture were sizes of
timber used; joints; methods of tim
bering; timbering a drift; timbering
in loose ground; timbering in ordi
nary ground; repairing drifts; replac
ing a tunnel set;, placing post in
proper position; replacing a broken
post and replacing a broken gap.
The written examinations for the
men who completed the first practical
mining course will be held tomorrow,
Friday, in the high school building,
at 1 o'clock in the afternoon and 7
o'clock in the evening. Results of
the examinations will be made known
as soon as the examination papers are
all corrected, which will be about one
week later.
Fot' Job work that is ngnt Phone 39,
ROUP
Spasmodic croup ia
11.. 1 : r4 v
usually icuctu iui
one application of
YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f. 60.
ISS MEETING
HILL PRECEDE
NT
!
i
mas-'s meeting Fiiday liijrht will
i Dreoetlt? the convention in Phoenix
the "Cnited Americans," will he
fcuried. according to a telegram Ta
cehed yosTerday by Ben Franken
berg of this city from H. A. Diehl,
chairman of the organization - com
mittee in the state capital.
The telegram to Mr. Fnmkenberg
is as follows:
"Ben Frankenbsrg, Bisbee, Ariz.
"Convention of United Americans
in Phot nix Saiurday to form state
organization. We w;nr. your attend
ance at a mas meeting Friday night
and at the convention, bringing a
representative delegation from vari
ous sections and from industrial and
political groups for an unofficial
campaign. We are depending on you
as a loyal and public-spirited citizen
to aid.
"ORGANIZATION COMMITTEE
UNITED AMERICANS,
"H.,A. Diehl. Chairman."
Judge John W. Hogan is "head cf
the local b'-t nch of the United Amer
icans, recently formed. At the la:-:!
meeting of "the loca organization ?4
delegates to the state convention
were named." In addition, it is hoped
to Liurch a thorough campaign for
members in every distiici. in the
state, so that the entire loyal citizen
v of Arizona may be affiliated under
the United Americans; to take a de
termined stand for Americanism as
opposed to I. W. W.ism, I olshevism,
and other menaces to the flag.
At a mass'; meeting preceding the
formal state organization of the
United Americans, it is hoped to
have hundreds of citizens present
from all parts of Arizona, as an ex
pression of whole-hearted endorse
ment of the movement.
Perfumery for Christmas Palmere.
Roger Galet's Djer Kiss. Vivadous,
Mary Garden, and Day Dresm. Com
bination sets also. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt. "
AD BREATH
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets Get
- at the Cause and Remove It
Dr. Edwards' Glivc Tablets, th3
substitute for calomc:. ctt c-tly on the
bowels and positively do the work.
People a::lictRd with br.d breath find
quick relief through taking then.
Dr. Edwards' Olive TaN'" are a
vegetable comocund mi::ea w'h olive
oiir They act "gently tut firmiy on the
bowels and liver, stimulating them to
natural action, clearing the blood, and
purifying the entire system. They do
that which calomel dots, without any of
the bad after effects. Take one or two
every nigi-;: for a week and note the
oleasing eff: ct 10c and 2oc a box.
THE EPISCOPAL
LADIES WILL
hold a sale of Fancy
Work and Home-Cooked
Foods at the Moose
Home on Main St., Sat
urday, Dec. 6th, from 9
a. nv till 6 p. m.
LYRIC
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to 11
WITH
Bryant Washburn
IN
'Something to Do'
He wanted "Something
to Do." He had his hands
full. You will have your
hands full too, holding
your sides laughing at
Bryant Washburn's antics
in "Something to Do.
'The Old Faithful'
And a Comedy
SPEEDY LOVER
J
TO OUR CUSTOMERS
The Minors' Ment Market aid Gro
cery will be closed all day Friday,
Dec. f.th. on account of the funeral of
our brother.
JOVANOVICH BROS.
GRAND THEATRE
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9
THOMAS O'DAY Presents
The Nationally Known Roly-
Poly Adorable
fin
With a Carload of Tantalizing
Scenery
Served in Three Courses With
a Dash of Pep and a Touch
of Tobasco
A BOMBSHELL OF MERRIMENT ! I
Book by ELMER HARRIS, Co-Author
'So Long Letty' and 'Canary Cottage'
Lyrics and Music by JEAN HAVEZ
JAZZIEST OF JAZZ ORCHESTRAS i
PRICES, $1.00 TO $2.00
Seats On Sale Saturday At
LYRIC THEATER
Grand
THEATRE
Wed. Dec. 10
PRICES, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00
(Plus War Tax)
THE LAUGH PLAY OF THE
CENTURY
"TWIN.
BEDS"
LAUGHS EVERY MINUTE
GROWING INTO SCREAMS
A guaranteed money-back prop
osition if "TWIN BEDS" is not
one of the funniest plays you
have ever seen, with the r.air.e
Treat New York cast and pro
duction, en route to Los Angeles
SEATS ON SALE AT THE
GRAND THEATRE
Store dosed today to
mark down goods
BE on HAND WHEN the
WANTED
10 Extra Salespeople.
Apply at Store at Once
Subscribe
ll B
The Grand Theatre
MONDAY NIGHT, DEC. 8
The Eminent Actor, JOHN E. KELLERD, With His
Famous Company of New York Players
IN
"HAM
Shakespeare's Masterpiece
THE INTELLECTUAL TREAT OF THE SEASON
PRICES - - - 50c to $2.00
Centra!
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
William Desmond
Rough and Western
IN-
Bare-Fisted
Gallagher
in which a good-natured
tenderfot wins his battle
with a smile and two fists.
International
News
L-Ko Famous Dog
Comedv
Let Fido Do It"
K. of C.
At K. of C.
TONIGHT
GENTS, $1.00
Starts
will I WI(P
Dec. 5th, 9
MAIN
SV STREET
BISBEE
for the Daily Review
LET"
THEATkES
TODAY I TO 1 1
The Great Character
Actor
Frank Keenan
IN
"The Silver Girl"
A clean-cut story of the
. West.
im-m
Outing Chester
GAUM0NT'S
Express Graphic
The STRAND Comedy
Jimmie's Dog-
Gun Luck"
DANCE
Club House
8:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE
Doors Open
WANTED
10 Extra Salespeople.
Apply at Store at Once
C3
A.
.Id!
i
t -