COPPER PRICE
WEATHER
Arizona: Tuesday partly
cloudy; Wednesday general
ly fair; not much change in
temperature.
The average price of copper
for the wee ending Novem
ber 12th, was' 20.656 cents.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 273.
TEN PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919.
TEN PA.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
II
POSSEUN SHOT
Of
E mm
FOR WOBBLIES
IN T1MBEHLAND
John Haney Killed When the
Members of Posse Fire at
Him Under Impression He
Is a Fugitive From Justice
Activities Against . i
Radicals Continue!
Tacoma Parties Sent Out to
Logging Camps Where It
Was Reported I. W. W.
Arming; Arrest Sixty-six
Congress to Enact
New Laws Against
All Radicals
WASHINGTON, Nov.
17. Legislation designed to
strengthen the hands of the
federal government in deal
ing with radicalism will be
left to the next regular ses
sion of congress. Its en
actment is expected to be
one of the matters which
President Wilson will touch
upon in his message.
The administration's pro
posals for legislation al
ready have been outlined
by Attorney General Pal
mer. They were supple
mented by bills introduced
by Senator Poindexter, Re
publican, Washington, and
Representative Summers of
the same state.
CENTRALIA, Wash., Nov. 17.
John Haney, Tcnino possenian. who
was slain in Hie hunt or I. W. W.
murder suspects in the Hannafortl
valley last Saturday afternoon dieo
from the fire of his own companions,
through an accidental brush between
separated parties, it was learned to
night when the body of the deputy
was brought here.
Possemen who fired upon Haney
believed that they were r.eins ap
proached by the fugitive radicals,
armed and desperate, according to
their story.
Those who returned tonight with
Ilaney's body say they encountered
no signs of Bert Eland, Ole Hansen
and a third J. W. W.' who are be
lieved, on evideuce and confessions,
to have fled Into the fastnesses of
southern Thurston county and north
ern Lewis county. They heard con
siderable firing, the possemen said,
at remote points in the heavy tim
ber, but were unable to learn
whether the searchers were in touch
with the Armistice day murder sus
pects. Haney was among the first of th?
possemen to penetrate to the Hanna
, ford river headwaters country and
the vicinity of Hunters' cabin, where
three fugitive participants in the
Armistice day crime were believed
to be lurking, according to word
brought here today.
The first party to reach the cabin
was one of four men which had sep
arated from Haney and three com-
rides. They approached the log
structure and found it untenanted.
Withdrawing, a little distance they
awaited the ai rival of the second de
tachment. Soon Haney and his three
companions neared the cabin, Haney
slightly in advance of the others.
There was little opportunity for dis
tinguishing friend or foe in the
thick giov.th of timber and brush
and members of the first detach
ment perceived only the form of a
man moving cautiously nearer to the
open plot before the cabin.
Members of the first quartet say
they cried out a command to halt.
At this Haney appeared to be start
led and turned to run for cover. The
possmen stationed near the cabin
opened fire, it was, said, and at the
first rifle crack Haney plunged for
ward, shot.
Activities against I. W. W. were
continued in different parts of
Washington and Oregon. In Tacoma
parties were sent to nearby logging
camps, where it was reported I. W.
W. were arming. Sixty-six alleged
I. W. W. were arraigned in Tacoma
for violation of the criminal syndi
calism law. The men pleaded not
guilty and refused the services of a
lawyer but asked for jury trial3.
Pi DEFENSE
TO TAKE TI
IRE WEEKS
LEGION PASSES RESOLUTIONS CALLING ON CITY,
STATE, COUNT! AND NATIONAL OFFICIALS TO RID
COUNTRY
OF RADICALS AND THEIR SYMPATHIZERS
Evidence Produced in Effort
To Show That Moving Pic
tures of Plant Were Actual
Conditions Time of Taking
CHICAGO, Nov. 17. Testimony
for the defense will take about two
weeks more in the trial of 13 offi
cials of the Pan Motor company of
St. Cloud, Minn., charged with misuse
o the mails, attorneys said tonight.
The prosecution has introduced its
evidence.
More evidence tending to show
that motion pictures of the plant, ta
ken last spring, are authentic records
of conditions, was introduced by Sen
ator Brower, attorney for the; d
fense. Judge Landis last week ruled
out the pictures as testimony on the
ground that they might be colored to
favor the defendants.
R. H. Moth, works engineer for the
Pan plant, was the man who testi
fied that he was present at the tak
ing of part of the pictures and that
only normal and actual conditions
were photographed.
The cost of the buildings of the
plant were put at from $650,000 to
$700,000 by the witness. He said
that when the plant has been com
pletely furnished, according to the
building plans, it will be capable of
turning out from 350 to 450 cars per
day. '
This testimony- was introduced to
show that Pandolfo's claim that his
Di-oDOsed plant would turn out 100,000
cars a year was not without a foun
dation of truth.
R. H. Castle or Castle kock, uoio.,
declared himself to be satisfied when
Attorney Rush for the prosecution
told him that Pandolfo has received
hkk nnn frr Tiis services with the
company. He is owner of 100 shares
of Pan stock. .
Fired by reports of the murder, of four members of the American Legion by I. W.
W.'s at Centralia, Wash., last week and by the knowledge that several well-known Wob
blie leaders have been active in the Warren, district lately and that rumors of meetings
of the members of the anarchistic organization have been circulated with startling fre
quency within the past month, the executive committee of the L. A. Engle, Jr., post of
the American Legion met this evening and passed a set of resolutions calling upon the
officials of the city, county, state and nation to take steps to rid the country of the men
ace represented by the Industrial Workers of the World.
The action of the executive committee of the American Legion is said to be a reflec
tion of the general sentiment of 'that organization, and a demand, in reality, that the gov
ernmental affairs of the city, county,, state and nation be placed in the hands of men of
nrovpd Americanism. Concurrent with the the passage of the resolutions the local post
issued a call for all the ex-service men of the district to join the Legion, and assist ac-j
tively in the defence of right political ideals.
While the set of resolutions was passed as an emergency measure, deliberations con
cerning it have been in progress for several days. The meeting was held under the direc
tion of Dan Angius,. post commander of the local organization of the Legion.
The resolutions follow in detail:
"Whereas, four former service men, members of the American Legion, were
foully murdered in cold blood, without an opportunity of defending themselves, by
members of the I. W. W. at Centralia, Washington, on November 1 1 th, and,,
"Whereas, this cold-blooded murder was committed by the I. W. W. while the -members
of the Grant Hodge Post of the American Legion were engaged in a pa
triotic celebration of the ending of the war in which so many of our comrades made
the supreme sacrifice, that free government might not perish from the earth,, and
"Whereas, this action of the I. W. W..is a direct assault upon our government,
our flag, and our institutions,, a demonstration of the direct action so often advo
cated in their propaganda, and in indication of theirbelief that the American Legion
whose declaration of principles, viz: 'To uphold and defend the constitution of the
United States, to maintain law and order, to promote peace and good will on earth,'
is diametrically opposed to the principles and teachings of the I. W. W., and,
"Whereas, the present County Attorney of Cochise county, R. N. French, has
stated in open court that Republicans, Democrats and I. W. W.'s all look alike to him,
thus placing our patriotic citizens in the same category with the members of the I.
W. W., and thus by his official actions giving aid, encouragement and comfort to the
I. W. W.'s, some of whom reside in .this county, and have testified under oath that
they are members of this criminal organization, while others asserted that they were
I. W. W. sympathizers and enemies of our government, its institutions and our flag.
"Be it resolved..' bv the executive committee,, L. A. Engle Post No. 16, Ameri
can Legion of Bisbee, Cochise county, Arizona, at its regular meeting,, on this 1 7th
day of November, 1919, that it is the sense of this committee, that the regularly con
structed authorities of city, county, state and nation take immediate steps in their re
spective spheres to rid the country of all known members and sympathizers, of the
Industrial Workers of the World, and all other organizations that have for their object
the destruction of this government and the principles upon which it is founded, and
for which so many of our comrades made the supreme sacrifice.
"Be it further resolved, That all eligible service men in this county are urged to
affiliate themselves, . at once, with the nearest post of the American Legion,, so that
they may be ready whenever the occasion arises, to extend their assistance, in what-'
ever capacity desired, ,to the regularly constituted authorities of this city, county and
state in carrying out the purpose of these resolutions, and,
"Be it further resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded to the
Governor of the State, our Representatives in Congress, the Mayor of the City of Bis
bee, ,the Board of Supervisors of Cochise County,, the Commander of Grant Hodge
Post, American Legion, Centralia,, Washington,, and to the press, that the widest
publicity possible be given these resolutions.
"Executive Committee, L. A. Engle Post No. 16,
"American Legion, Bisbee,, Arizona.
Bisbee Vindicated
For Deporting
I. W. W.
"In the light of recent and
present events in the United
States the people of Bisbee,
Ariz., are certainly vindi
cated for having deported
the I. W. W. element in
July, 1917," said Victor V.
Johnson, of Los Angeles,
Calif. "If that growth had
been allowed to go on
where would that great and
flourishing section of Ari
zona have been by this time
with I. W. W. and Bolshev
iki elements threatening to
undermine our very nation
al existence. I think the
people of Bisbee were wise
in their generation, so to
speak they were forehanded."
WILSON
TO
UP TREATY IF
RESERVATIONS
ADOPTED ARE NOT
MODIFIED BY SEN
WASHINGTON TO
STAND BACK OF
. PUEBLA CONSUL
Warning Causes Lines of Both
Sides to Stiffen and Dead
lock Is Certain; Democrats
Throw Aside Compromise
Definite Decision
Expected Tomorrow
Scmiland Taken to
N. M. State Prison
Dardenelles Disaster
Due Unpreparedness
LONDON. Nov. 17. The report of
tha frmmisinn which has been in
vestigating the disastrous Dardan
elles. expedition of 1915, made public
today, finds that when it was decided
tr. Bond an expedition to Gallfpoli
.mn;snt onnslrtpration was not
eiven to measures necessary to sue
reed and that the difficulties of the
operation were much underestimated
at tii outset. All the decisions
taken and the provisions for the ex
nedition. according to the report
..o,. v,uCri nn the assumption that
if a landing were affected the resist
ance would be slight and the advance
rapid.
State Department Convinced
Of Jenkins' Innocence arid
Orders Investigation of the
Arrest By Mexican Police
WASHINGTON. Nov 17 Convinced
of the innocence of Wm. O. Jenkins,
American consular agent at Puebla,
Mexico, of' the charge that he con
nived with Federico Cordova, the
! rebel who kidnaped him. the state de
partment has made strong represen
tations to the Mexican government
against Jenkins' arrest. It was said
officially that information arready at
hand justified the presumption that
Jenkins was innocent. .
State department officials regard
the charges that Jenkins connived
with his abductors as highly improb
able in view of the rumor current in
Mexico City that the eight peons upon
whose testimony the arrest was predi
cated by the state authorities of
Puebla had been threatened with
death unless they testified against
Jenkins. The peons were said to have
been held incommunicado by the
police authorities after' their arrest at
Jenkins ranch.
According to Mexican newspapers
Judge Franco of Puebla examined
that in his
RUSSIAN EXILE
ADMITS HE IS
Rl
0 LOT T
LAS CRUCKS. N. M.. Nov. 17.
ATnlnr P. M. Scanland. U. S. A., in
custo'lv of Sheriff Jose Lucero, left "
r ..... t Ss.ntn I ADJOURN NOV. 29
lOIllKMl H1 HIT- OKllJ- I'l im'ii .... ......... .. .
. . ,. WASHIVOTON. Nov. 17, With the
t e, wnere ne win ne iuiu i-i"ims i.r .
-,i t .ho rml trv which is to date of its adjournment tentatively
investigate the killing of John Hutch-: Bxed for November 29, the first inter
ims automobile driver, who was shot , national labor congress took another
and 'mortally wounded while driving j recess today until Wednesday, be
his car in the El Paso-Phoenib road : cause none of the committees was pre-
vao Vnvember n. Following the kill- I'rea 10 reyoru
ing Major Scanland was held without
bail on the charge of first degree
murder. The order transferring the
prisoner to the state prison for safe
keeping was made by District Judge
Meohem at the request of counsel for
Scanland.
MORE RAIDS ON REDS
NEW YORK. Nov. 17. Raids on al
leged Reds" were renewed in New
York tonight, when detectives at
tached to the bomb squad, armed with
federal warrants, arrested 22 men.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17. Ludwig C.
A. K. Martens today testified that he
was one of the leaders in the over
throw of the ussian imperial govern
ment through propaganda .directed
from Berlin, and that he had been
exiled for. revolutionary activities in
Russia in 1905 and 1906. Martens
and Lenine were members of the
same student body at the technologi
cal institute in St. Petersburg, and
both suffered imprisonment, Martens
being deported to Germany.
This testimony from the self-styled
"Ambassador of the Russian soviet
republic" was elicited in an effort to
show what the collapse of the Russian
government was the result of a Ger
man plot.
"The Russian revolution was my
life," Martens declared in telling the
joint legislative committee investi
gating radical activities in this state,
the story of his relations with the
Russian Bolsheviki. He appeared
before the committee under arrest
for contempt of court after having
refused Saturday 1o submit to exam
ination or to supply correspondence
with his government. He main
tained that his person and his papers
were entitled to diplomatic innnur.ily.
CHICAGO LOSES
LIDO! FIGHT
CHICAGO, Nov. 17. The liquor
interests were given another setback
today when Judge George Carpenter
handed down a decision in the
United States district court which
held that the wartime prohibition act
and the Volstead enforcement " act
were constitutional. Judge Carpen
ter announced that Judge Lois Fitz
Henry of Peoria, 111., had concurred
in the decision.
In making his ruling Judge Carpen
ter denied the suit for injunction
brought by Attorney Levy Mayer,
representing Hannah &. Hogg, whole
sale liquor dealers.
Under the fifth amendment to the
constitution, which provides that leg
islation restricting personal liberties
of individuals may be passed if the
community as a whole is benefited
Judge Carpenter held that congress
v.-as empowered to pass the two acts
involved in the case.
He held the act3 constitutional be
cause "demobilization of industries
mobilized by the war was not yet
complete, and despite the president's
veto of the Volstead ait, indicating
that the war was over."
Judge FitzHenry is expected to
hpud down his decision in I'enria tomorrow.
PROGRESS MADE
IN CONFERENCE
AT WASHINGTON
Senate Will Remain in Ses
sion Today Until It Clears
Away All Proposals and Is
Ready for Ratification vote
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. On the
eve of a final vote on the peace
treaty, President Wilson gave the
senate to understand that unless it
modified the reservations already
adopted, he would take the treaty
back to the White House and lock it
up in his desk.
The first effect of the warnmg iras
to stiffen the lines on both sides of
the senate fight. Then compromise
proposals were thrown out by the
Democrats. They found the treaty's
Republican friends, all of whom had
voted for the reservations, disposed
to listen but to promrse notning. and
tonight the life of the treaty semed
to hang upon a slender thread.
A decision one way or the other i
planned for Wednesday and under the
cloture rule the leaders say it cannot
be delayed beyond Thursday or Fri
day. Tomorrow the senate will re
main in session untii s -irra
away all proposed reservations, leav
ing nothing to do but act upon the
ratification resolution ttseir. Four
reservations, two of them proposed
bv the foreign relations committee.
were voted down today and none was
adopted. m
The president's determination was
made known at a White House con
ference with Democratic Leader
Hitchcock, who declared afterward
that Mr. Wilson would have an op
portunity to pocket te treaty, be
cause his supporters in the senate
would vote down any ratification
resolution that contained the unac-
The senate
of leader reiterated his belief that once
TonHna hefore declarin
opinion it was a genuine case of kid- ;ceptable reservations
ti, onrotnrv of state of leader reiterated his 1
i. K.,ntiv order- 'such a resolution is defeated, there
IT Uf Uld, uunt V4 - -
(Continued on Page Two.)
(Continued on Page Two.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. There
were evidences or real progress to
day in the wage scale negotiations
between coal mines and operators of
the central competitive field, al
though no meeting of the joint wage
scale committee was held. The con
ference was postponed until tomor
row at the request of the operators,
who spent the day preparing a reply
to the demands resubmitted Saturday
by the workers.
The operators were in touch by
wire with owners not represented
here.
Secretary Wilson does not intend
to allow negotiations to drag although
he will not interfere as long as the
wage scale committees are making
heudway, it was said at the depart-!
ment of labor. 1
With the nation's visible coal sup
ply rapidly diminishing, the admin
istration is determined to bring
about the resumption of production
without delay. Officials of the de
partment of labor stated, however,
that reports to the effect that the gov
ernment might take over mines and
operate them were without founda
tion. Such action, they said, would
be taken only as the last resort and
after full d'scuss'on hy the cabinet.
Greatest Newspaper Feature
of the Year to Appear in the
Daily Review
In line with its expanding policy of adding con
tinually to its store of new features and departments
for the benefit of its rapidly growing family of reaa
ers and of presenting in these features only the snap
piest, most exclusive, latest and best which the jour
nalistic markets of the nation have to offer The KL
VIEW has just secured, through the Newspaper Enter
prise Association, what we unhesitatingly pronounce
the biggest newspaper feature of the year
THEODORE ROOSEVELTS LETTERS
"!TO HIS1 CHILDREN ! .
For exclusive publication in this district. The
Review will begin publication of these letters on No
vember 24. This is the biggest, smashingest, most
worth-while serial in either the newspaper or maga
zine world today. All know Roosevelt, the president,
the statesman, the orator, the soldier, the plainsman,
the explorer, the editor the many-sided public Roose
velt. These letters, covering a period of 20 years of
personal correspondence, show us a new side of Roose
velt reveal to us, in charming tenderness, romping
fun. and sound principles of right living, Roosevelt the
man the father and husband. For full details read
the announcement on page fivd of this issue of The
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW PAGE TWO
THE BIS J E E DAILY REVpw
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, V) IV
.)
i
j
H
via
fi
m
m
m
ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
GLOEE NOW CONDUCTING
AMERICANIZATION WORK
GLOBE. Nov. 17. Beginning . No
vember IT and ending November zl,
American syeech wees will be cele
brated, Jiot only ia Globe high school,
bui likewise in. all the grade schools
of Gfobe.
Parents and citizens who are inter-
in the pioneering of tse ea:i Lake val
ley in Utahand made many trips be
tween the valley and what was known
as winter quarters (somewhere in the
vicinicy of Omaha) driving an ox
team. Later he was. engaged in rail
road construction work in Utah. He
came to Arizona about seven years
ago. Mr. Mangum's wife Uied about
20 years ago. He is survived by two
17,511 ilEYKPii
1 TOMEIED 01 B9SBEE STREETS
esied iu this American speech week
movement are invited to attend the 1 sons and three daughters, C. C
Man-
program presented by the five graaes
of the high school. The eighth grade,
the first on the program, presented
"America, the Melting Pot," Monday
morning, November 17, at 9:30 ffbb
morning, November 17.
ARIZQNANS NAMED TO
TRI-STATtL CONFERENCE
PHOENI, .'ov. 17. Governor Camp
bell has received an invitation from
Governor D. V. Davis of Idaho, in con
junction with Governor Simon Bam
berger of Utah, to attend a conference
of governors and other citizens of the
three states at Salt Lake City, Novem
ber 21 and 22. The purpose would be
to join in impressing on the govern
ment the need of constructing certain
proposed irrigation projects in the
west ahd southwest.
It was regarded as certain that the
San Carlos projecc of central Arizona,
was ono of those on which efforts
would be concentrated in tne confer
ence. Governor Campbell called upon the
following Arizona citizens to iiccon
pany him to the conference:
Peter I. Oldfield.Cusa Grande; Mul
ford Winsor, Yuma; A. G. Smith, Ben
son; S. G. Brailie, Tucson; A. A.
Jay nes, Casa Grande; O. J. Baughn,
Florence; J. R. Treat, Florence; Vic
tor Palmer, Tucson; Stanley Kitt.
Tucson; Randolps Kuehler, Glendale;
S. S. Stout, Glendale; J. F. Lewis,
Glendale: Otto It. Hansen, Florence;
Dwight I!. Heard, Phoenix; B. F. F.
Ley, Vunia; Wiley Fitzgerald, Somer
ton; William McDermott, Tucson; R.
O. Beardsley, Thoenix; i?" rans A. Par
ish. Tucson; Harry Welch, Plioenix;
Charles F. Solomon, Tucson; Sims Eli,
George G- Maxwell, J. R. Loftus, F. M.
Wilkinson, J. L. Gust, all' of Phoenix;
Andrew Kimball, Thatcher; J. B. ran-nagan,-Parker;
Giant Jones, Tempe;
O. S. Stanley, Mesa; W. R. Stewart.'
Mcfa; A. J. Ckandler. Chandler;
George P. Brown, Buckeye; C. Egan,
Phoenix; W. S. Proudy,' Casa Grande;
Mark C. Clemans, Florence; W. D.
Davidson, Florence; J. W. Leslies,
Mesa.
gum of Pima; Lester Mangum of
Provo, secretary for the Jesse Knight
Investment company; Sirs. Ammie
Jones of Utah; Mrs. Effie Jackson of
Idaho, and Mrs. Minnie Miles or Salt
! Lake City.
The remains were shipped to Nephi,
Ucah, for burial besides those of his
wife.
MESA PLANS NEW PARK,
CITY HALL AND FIRE HOUSE
MESA, Nov. 17. Mesa is to have a
beautiful new civic center, including a
park, city hall and fire station. Plans
for the buildings are now under prepa
ration in the office of Lescher and
Kibbey, leading Phoenix architects,
and preliminary sketches of the new
structures have alreacry been inspect
ed and approved by the Mesa officials
in charge of the new project.
The buildings, including the old city
hall and the proposed park, will oc
cupy aa entire block. The new city
hall, will be placed just in front of the
present building and will contain a
high basement set only three feet in
the ground, and one story above it.
The construction will be of brick with
a plaster exterior and a Spanish tile
roof. Spanish architecture has been
proposed in the tentative studies of
the building.
WASHINGTON
P US f Ri P ' iiot d?iermine
r In! il 1 v ' i'esign to acci
LjI Jy I successor to
GLASS UNDECIDED
In reporting upon the progress or- tendant upon factors over which the' (Continued from Page One.)
ing made in the pavement of Tcnib- 'i'ity government has no control. When ( ed the police activities which result-
,r . . , the clearing of the s;iee: or the pav- ed in the arrest of the peons.
stone Canyon. Main street, subway . & , . . . . . .
, ing was about to be started. Engineer j Judge Franco was rgetr Dy Louis
street and the Naco road, P. H. lia:-, Halleck asked the BiPbee-N;tco Water Cabrera, according to reports in Mex
ltck, city engineer, famished ilie iuj- ! COmpany to put its pipe lines in condi-'. ico City, to order the arrest of Jen-
witn cue lolur.v.ag
work uau the p o,j-
lems whicli have been encountered.
From the date wiiicli nas been suornit- '
ted, it may be gathered readily ihat
the work has been going aiieau ut a
more than normal rate, and that the j
yiew jesleiday
summary oi , iiie
ion with a view to doing away with
any necessity of tear:ng rp con
crete after it had ben poured. These
lines had been laid many years ago
and were in even worse shape than
had been anticipated.
Af:er this work had been . started,
preliminary work is being done U ren-1 tae bricks oa the Lor,r -,-aco part of
dered necessary by the condi :ions tnt 8treet were taken or. 0 ,..e
which have aisen. i wafPr anci gas campanies could expe-
The Lower Naco roau pavement is Cite lne labor of renewing their mains
complete. j a,rd iaterais nere . The condition of
The paving in Subway street is com- ; lUe bricks were such acc0rding to
plete, with the exception of repaid to ; HaneCk, that the concrete base upon
the sidewalk, which cannoi t,- at-1 wbicll they bave been placed is fully
tempted wnue tne street is ocmg i as d a surfaC(, as that o tile bricks
i f - i. ar: . ,1 e it -V ' I
useu lor iwo-way name mm iu i-i w-hiie their removal simply hastens
the work along Main street. Tiie side- j the renewing of tne gas and water
walk repairs are being held up alsa by pipe9-
the desire of Engineer Halleck to fin- .' A condkiou peculiar to Bisbee, es
ish the Main street paving by Christ-1 peciaily in street paving, is the fact
mas- i that because of the character of the
The Tombstone canyon con- ( th orouehfares the streets must K ..... ,
( . Deen rejecieu. vice fiesiueni iuai-
slv-ill has indicated r.e will rule an
being concreted, in tne same connec
tion, it is pointed out that tne yonrwig
of concrete is but a small part of the
work, and that the organizing of
working forces, the co-ordination of
these forces after they are completed.
i and the preparation of the streets for
permits. j concrete is the major par: o: tae joJh
A total amount of 17,500 square j Wjth the foregoing in consideration,
yards of paving has been poured, ( u .g alsQ pointed out that the pouring
therefore, out ot a grana loiai oi i,uuu f concrete in Main street, will be
square yards. Of all that has been
the time npcessarv for the concrete
to cure, which is about ihree weeks j No jQb of iw)
after placing.. j too iarge. n you wnt it done right
The pavinc oa ilain street is at- i chone 3!). Review.
kins from the bencr, following his m-
vestigation, but he declared there
was no evidence upon wnlch to base
such action. The governor of the
state of Puebla is a brother of Luis (
Cabrera.
President Threatens
To Lock Up Treaty
(Continued from Page One.)
j will be a compromise that will keep
the treaty alive.
Hope of such a development had a
setback later in the day, however,
when- a number of the mild reserva
tion Republicans agreed to voie rfitli
Republican Leader Lodge against con
sideration of any alternate resolution
i of ratification after the first one has
I WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. Career
Glass, secretary of the treasury, had
ned just when he would
ept the appointment as
Senator Thomas S. Mar-
tin of Virginia, who uied last week.
After Mr. Glass was notified by
Governor Davis that he ac seen se
lected, he. sought the advice o" Presi
dent Wilson, who urged him to ac
cept. He probably will send a formal
letter of acceptance to Governor
Davis tomorrow.
Sure
ief
W SlltaS) INDIGESTKWi
6 Bell-ans
Hot water
Sure Relief
E LL-ANS
FOR INDIGESTION
Miistarine Conquers Tonsilitis
Pleurisy, Lumbago and Neuralgia
tract is eombleted from the Gibson-
Hines Lumber company to the city
limits and is open to traffic on half of
the street. All of the other half is pav
ed with the exception of about five
.hours' work at . Spring Canyon, and
this stretch will be completed loday,
provided, however, that the weather
of concrete in
j completed in six days after it is start
ed, barring, of course .accidents.
ATTRACTIVE CIVIC CENTER
PLANNED BY GLfcNDALE
GLENDALE, Nov. 17. Glef.dale,
which has contented itself iieretotore
with a more or less unattractive
""plaza" is soon to have a real park
and civic center, in the midst of
which will be erected a permanent
home for the Glendale District Com
mercial club to house the district's ex
hibits and serve as an office lor the
club's secretary. 1
These improvements were assured
by action taken at a meeting of the
town council, at which time a com
mittee from the Commercial club pre
sented to the proposition of utilizing
the present park structure as a nu
cleus around which to erect an attrac
tive building of California redwood to
house the club's exhibits.
GLOBE HAS HOPES FOR
AIRLINE MAIL ROUTE
GLOBE, Nov. 17. Globe ' may be
placed on the official route of the Na- j
tional Airline association ir tne boost
ers of this city get busy and provide
a suitable landing field for the ma-
I chines.
'w. E. Sterrett, secretary of the west
em division, says thai arose ts favor
ably situated between Phoenix and
Clifton and a route is being arranged
between the above named points. If
the towns along the route support the
movement man and passenger ships
will be flying over this city before
many months have passed. The Na
tional Airlines association is in conir
munication with the postal authorities
with a view to1 establish mail routes
! over this stctlon.
. . , i
J. C. PENNY STORE TO BE
OPENED IN OLD PUEBLO
TUCSON, Nov. 17. Leasing the
store now occupied by Goldring &
Son, the J. C. Penny Stores company
of New York and 197 other points,
where they operate stores, will invade
the business circles of Tucson on
March J, with a general mercjiannlse
business, selling for cash only, as the
result of the successful location of the
firm by the Elrod Realty company of
South Scott street.
The J. C. Penny Stores company is
no stranger in Arizona. It has a
branch store in Willcox, at Prescott.
Bisbee and Jerome. It plans others
at Mesa and Flagstaff by spring.
PIONEER FRONTIERSMAN
PASSES in s;
SAFFORD, Nov. 17. James H. Mun
gum, Sr., passed away at the home of
'his son, Clark Mangum, early Wednes
day morning.
Mr. Mangum was 71 years or age,
and the cause of his death is attribut
ed to stomach trouble and rheumatism
of which he has been troubled more or
less for the past 20 years and for the
past vear and a half has been confined
to his bed most of the time.
Mr. Mangum was a frontiersman all
his life. He was one or Jliose sturdy
characters to be found in the. van
guard of civilization and helped blaze
the trail for the more timid. His ca
reer was an active one. When a
"ONLY ONE THING
BREAKSJ1Y COLD!
'That'. Dr. King'. New Dis
covery for fifty years
a cold-breaker"
HAYDEN AMERICAN
LEGION IS ACTIVE
HAYDEN, Nov. 17 The member
ship drive oC the local post oi' the
American Legion closed at midnight
of Armistice day. It is the belief of
the officers of the legion that the
strength of the post will be 100 per
cent of the returned service men of
the district. All men who jolnea are
considered as charter luenioers; men
coming in after this will join as regu
lar members. The drive commenced
November 1 and continued until tue
11th.
NOrmXC, but sustained quality
and unfailing effectiveness can
arouse such enthusiasm. Noth
ing hut sure relief from stubborn
old colds and onrushlnj; new ones,
grippe, throat-tearing coughs, and
croup could have mal Dr. King's
Ts'ew Discovery the nationally popu
lar and standard remedy it Is today.
Fifty years old and always reli
nble. Good for the whole family.
A bottle In the medicine cabinet
npans a short-lived cold or cough.
SOc. and $1.'J(. All druggists.
Stubborn Bowels Tamed
Positive In action, yet nntural.
comfortable, pleasant, Dr. King's
tNew Life Pills are a boon to bowels
that need assistance. They elimi
nate fermenting wasta aad put th
cvstem in ncrrua! siape. AH dgrus
4.6t$ ioc a bottle.
ZANE GREY TO OPEN
FLAGSTAFF MOVIE STUDIO
FLAGSTAFF, Nov. 17. Zane Grey,
the author, with his party, and Al
Doyle, of this city who guided the par
ty, arrived here last week from a 58
day hunting trip down in the Tonto
basin.
They got five bears, a lot or venison
though, as Mr. Doyle explained, not
as much as the law allowed and nu
merous wild turkeys.
The bears were all cinnamon:.;. Mr.
Grey got the largest, making an SttO
yard shot to nail him; and hiu brother,
Homer Grey, got the ether huge one.
The three other bears were sinaiicr
and were treed. J
Grey, who has left for Los An-!'-".
intends to come back here in M;iy. :
His associates in the Zane Grey Mov
ing picture company, have leit it to-'
him to decide whether to move the ;
company's studio here and "shoot" I
three or more of his stories with local
scenery as the background, and he has
niHde up his mind to conic here. If he '
does, he probably will buy a ranch for
headquarters, and Flagstaff will profit j
sioatly.
INCONGRUITY
r.M ,-li,,t- ''(Mvo mo :iti v . ill nil' up
ur-iousruity."
j Sui-ir u'ie: i divorce !?' vtr i
anuwuiii 'The Weddjiu Hatch..' " '
'' f :.;
fi :.'.
w
'0i
7"7 Z
alternate proposal in order, and the
Democrats have counted on help from
j the mild reservationists to sustain
i that ruling. How many of the Re
publicans will be bound by today s
contrary decision remaned uncertain
tonight. , ,
Today's efforts at a compromise
were conducted in a round about way,
Senator- Hitchcock declaring he would
reserve his direct offer until after the
mild reservationists had been re
leased from their pledges to the ma
jority by defeat of the majority reso
lution of ratification ,He had intend
ed to bring all the treaty's friends on
' both' sides of the chamber into con
! forence today, but he found the Re
publicans unwilling to negotiate until
they had completed the program to
which they had agreed.
Kills All Aches and Pains in Half the
Time It Takes Liniments
Poultices and Plasters
liegy's Musteline is used by tens of
thousands of people who know that it
is the quickest killer of pain on earth.
It's so penetrating and effective that
in most cases neuralgia, headache,
toothache, earache and backache dis
appear in 5 to 10 minutes some state
ment, but it's true.
It will not blister because it's the
original substitute for the old reliable
mustard plaster and is made of real
yellow mustard no cheap substitutes
are used.
Use it to banish rheumatic pains
and gout, for sore, intiamea or frost
ed feet, for chilblains, stiff neck or
joints or cramps in legs. It acts in
stantly and never fails to drive out
inflammation In any part of the body.
. m ; '' ,t".i
!ilBJl
A
2 11 WASTE. li&rl
Quality Goes GearThrough
Watch this Car
A True Value For
Your Money's
Worth
LEONARD WINS
TULSA, Okla., Nov. sr. Benny
Leonard of New York, lightweight
champion of the world, knocked ou?
Jimmy Duffy of Lockpbrt, N. Y., here
tonight in the second round.
.fi ..."
if - W ' l
one
of
id has h
these
i i
een soiu
Place your order with me now- for
beautiful cars, as the carload just arrive
and another load will arrive Monday.
This little car will eventually be the pride of not
only the Warren District, but the surrounding territory.
Ask any New Dort owner what they think o
Car value.
You will soner or later be a proud owner of a
DORT. SO WHY NOT NOW?
Get in the SWIM and watch yourself smile at the
hills, as all Dcrt owners do.
Bisbee Auto
MINSTREL
SHOW
"MIXED CURSES"
Charlie Chaplin's Imper
sonations, Violin and
Cello Solos, Philharmonic
Octette, Oratorical Con
test. Saturday, Nov. 22, 8 p.m.
Y. M. Gymnasium
Admission 25 cents
Instant heat
vhen and where
you want it
A good oil heater Ailed with Fc?rl
Oil lishta at the touch of a mch
gives instant heat. No sr.ickc, ;ia
odor. Portable. Econo.nicci. Cozy
comfort vithoat dust s.nd dirt.
Penrl Cil rinacd and ri-rcf.ned
fcv txir -Kftecial vrossss whicli-:na!:cs -t
il
dealers c-cv; wl-.er. sit.-.c hi;".!- j
P?a:-1 il r.:
Ciuer i-y rir.....
in evc-ullo cr;
by icy. -. s in.
Pearl Oil.
W ft r c c o r.i :n ; r. j.
Terfcctica
in
la.-"!;?
f H-rh
It
(!.nOGN2,) S
HEAT AND LIGHT !
STAN-AP.D OIL COM?AT-I
A. L. 1 Ci A. i
J f
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
MAIN STREET
E. ROGERS, Representative, DORT MOTOR CO.
loliow
99
r
v
fr!
Tl
us
Picture
at
Is Shewn
the
Siaf fends rtz? the? auoiic exfti&itzon
of fte most iftrjffiesg atefcrnobi
moh'on picture ever yim&d.
EAGLE THEATRE
Through the Courtesy of the Bisbee Auto Co.
The Improved Way of
Making Coffee
YOU would not i'se snyar cane ia place of suar,
so why use old-fashioned coff ee? G. Washington's
Coffee is refined from the: coffee bean, just a:; su;jar
is refined from the i-uar cane. It is the new im
proved way of making coffee. G. -Washington's
Coffee dissolves instantly in hot or cold water.
Flavor always the same, and strength of each cup
to suit individual t tc. Made in the cup at the table.
G. Washington Sales Co., Inc.,
334 Fifth Avenue, New York
i
i m i umi niJiMiwuaiiMuiiini i i i. mi mm'nA iimhi lit' --' -
RZ : 1 . -- r T "-
if(a& in (Ac cup ?..' tAc fa6,
Absolutely soluble, pure, delic)bus
coffee alvas
(27T,
' ii ihiii ii iiju.
c
1 1 0
IV IOOO
I
I!
0
j!'e.n! t?Wir
i 1 -V w
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
HAD SEVEN SONS IN THE WAR
LUNCH FOR 20 CENTS
Opponent of League
of Nations Sent Out
. Of Town in Box Car
of town.
A large crowd had gathered at the
local opera house to hear Lundeen's
speech. Just as he started to talk.
Sheriff John Gowan of His Stone
county, and a number of members of
the local Legion post rushed up on
the stage, surrounded Lundeen and
marched him out of the nail.
They wtnt directb t the railroad
depot, where the freight was just get
ting under way, opened a refrigerator
car, pushed Lundeen in and locked
the door.
The next stop of the freight was
scheduled to be Montevideo, Minn.,
about 40 miles from her.
Two Decisions Give
Ingalls Office of
Adjutant General
, DOUGLAS, Nov. 17. Captain Wal
ter S. Ingalls, who was appointed by
Governor Campbell ncjutant gen
eral, announced tonight he was pre
paring to tour the state looking to the
organization of a national guard con
tingent. He fc:.id it was probable the
bases and assignment of the unit or
ganizations would be as .follows:
Phoenix, company A ana company F,
ORTONVIIXE. Minn., Nov. 17.
Ernest Lundeen, former representa
tive in congress from the Fifth dis
trict, who was scheduled to speak at
a local theater tonight against the
league of nations, was taken from the
stage by members of the local post of
r
Vv. I! ;
t K
$v t i
V
Jh i
f' "
the American Legion and escorted out
1
p 3
fc4 1 v.
. 1. .
. -i - tMnM..,,- if ,J1 .Will WM liri T -il I utmmf -m. . . - A
1
(TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919.
4
.? : '-. " .' .4
A. 1
I
n
n
ft. I
What We Learn from New Qrlet
Creoles About Better Baking
..v
i
n
FREE
Every mother should
have this book chil
dren are fascinated by
the Romantic Story of
Brer Rabbit's Travels.
Instructive to those
who cook. Beautiful
illustrations. Free
write Penick & Ford,
Ltd., New Orleans.
Every Housewife knows
the name "PESICK &
FORD" a food means
Always the Best of Its
Kind. 22 years of quality.
Brer Rsbbit this is the lesson.
You must have real New Orleans Molasses
for old fashion gingerbread or real Southern
plantation molasses cake.
Years ago you had to send down South to get
real New Orleans Molasses. Today you ask your
grocer for a can of BRER RABBIT. It's the best
New Orleans Molasses you can buy anywhere. It
is absolutely pure Molasses, selected for its delicious,
whblesome flavor. Your grocer sells two grades of
BRER RABBIT. The GOLD LABEL is the finest for
high-grade cooking and baking the kind for pan
cakes, waffles, biscuits and sliced bread for children.
He also sells Green Label BRER RABBIT. This is
a specially selected molasses for cocking and baking
and costs less.
rs,.
i'4
It
a
r rll IT'J 1
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15. Mrs. I . M. Dlue has been decorated by Mrs.
Josepbus Daniels, wife of the secretary of the Jiavy, with the insignia of
the Women's Legion of the Creat War. Mrs. Blue had seven sons .m the
service.
h -
, I j " AiVW '
WASHINGTON". Nov. 15. Going ilown lunrhes and the hish cost of
living. That's easy. The girl -war-workers are buying them from the car
at 20 cents per box. There are a large number of the wagons about in-?
streets where government buildings a re- located.
rjjl Kind. 22 years of quahty. and COStS less. j r
talFlf li In thm
(Indian;) Safford, company B;
Tempe, company C; Mesa, company
D: Tucson, companies E and K; Ray,
i company II; Flagstaff, company I;
. Yuma,' company L. and Morenc?, ccm
' pnny M. The regimental band will be
at Phoenix.
The announcement , came on the
heels of two superior court decisions
today confirming the appointment of
Captain Ingalls as adjutant general.
The office had been contested by
Colonel Charles W. Harris. Counsel
for Harris gave notice or appeal to
the supreme court.
DECORATE SOLDIERS
JUAREZ, Mex., Nov. 17. Soldiers
who took part in the battle of Juarez
last June, when a Villa attack on the
j town was repulsed, but wno are now
stationed at Villa Ahumada, 50 miles
smith of here, last week were decor
ated for valor, it was learned here to
night. A bull fight wn.s r.eu; in honor
of the occasion.
AX JSEi vy
rev
3
H Vi
rfv xC-..
vy c-'L t4
NEW YORK. Nov. to-!?c? for
Emma Goldman issued a statement
tonight in which he deneed his client
ever had influenced Czolgosz, who as
sassinated President McKinley, as
rharced bv Attorney General Palmer
in reply to a senate' inquiry regarding
the "deportation; status of Miss Gold
man and Alexander Berkman.
Illllll III! II nil III IIM 111 HI III III! Ill IwaPWfflll ' IILllliiJHT''W-.,IWHP'H HI HHMMI 'Hl'MH.l IP"I mp W 'JH.WW ll'1W. tmm
ii -
f
Two Young Girls Dared
Death in an Automobile
rpHE "TRAIL OF THE ARROW" has proved worn
an's ability in motor car driving. Never again can
mere man say I am the master at the wheel.
J. J.' Bowen, of the Bisbee Auto Co., will be glad
to. have you, your family and your friends come to
the Eagle Theatre and see the most thrilling motor car
drive ever made in America.
Two young women, Misses Shipman and Mar
jorie Cole, society girls of Los Angeles,, have simply
surpassed anything conceived of in the annals of the
automobile.
Through the heat, sand and rocks of the most
desolate region of the great Mojave wastes forcing
their car over country where there were no roads
finally ending their thrilling ride by descending into
the depths of the Devil's Punch Bowl and winning a
wager of $1,000 against the terrors of a trail picked by
their opponent in the race for the gold.
This picture will be shown twice tonight.
I DENIES CHARGES
n-v. ,Act nmnniotn triTi nrintlng
plant in Arizona ai yum
Phone 39. lleview.
TURKEY BOUND
.4;;
''ii:.-'.
' 1 - L 1
! :i
a c V:" s.-s,vviv:r v
WASHINGTON Miss Margaret
Milne, prominent Red Cross worker.
will sail for Constantinople November
to join the Near East relief work.
EOT A THEORY.
It's a fact that the use cf
alcohol even in moderate
doses as taken in tonics is
often habit-forming in effect.
1P
SCOTT
EMULSION
an easily assimilated tonic
nutrient supplies the body with
those elements that contribute to
strength, tree trcm
alcohol or any other
harmful element, I
Scott's builds strength
by nourishment.
Scott Xf r.mMH .Woomtii-Ul.N.J
All The News Red-Hot Off
The Press
THAT'S WHY SO MANY PEOPLE READ
THE REVIEW
They know that when they read
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
they are getting everything that has happened with
in the past twenty-four hours, right up to the last
possible second.
Ir YOU ARE NOT TAKING THE REVIEW
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Don't miss out on the many splendid and unique
features to be found in every copy of The Review.
There is always something to "especially interest
every member of the family.
THE REVIEW IS SPARING NO EFFORT NOR
EXPENSE TO GIVE ITS READERS THE BEST
THAT MODERN JOURNALISM CAN AFFORD.
If you want to boost and advertise BISBEE send
The Review away to some friend or relative for a
. Christmas Present.
80c per month $4.25 for six
montlis$9.00 per year
SUNDAY REVIEW $2.50 per yr.
CLIP ON THIS LINE
Date.
1
The Bisbee Daily Review, Bisbee, Arizona.
The Circulation Dept.:
Please find inclosed $ ' for which place the following-
name on your list of subscribers for
The Daily Review The Sunday Review
(Cross out one not wanted.) -
Name
Address -,
P. O. Box City or Town : :
Rural Route Delivery State PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
KEEP THE HOME FIRES BURNING
By Morris
Sip SSisbri Batly Stcutrut
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
By F. F. M.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month 5-80
Six months : ,4.50
Twelve Months , 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year , 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
The patriotic, public-spirited and unequi
vocably American action taken in Bisbee since the
memorable deportations of the I. W. W. in July,
1917, is that taken last night by the executive
committee of L. A. Engle, Jr., Post of the Ameri
can Legion in condemning categorically the I. W.
W. as an organization and as individuals, together
with all I. W. V. sympathizers and comfort-givers,
both in public office and out of it. It' is an
action which will meet with the whole-hearted
commendation and support of very decent-minded
resident of the entire district.
MADE IN GERMANY, RUSSIA, AUSTRIA
FRAUGHT with significance as to the genesis of the disloyal ana
un-American evil known as 1. W. Yv".isni the sources from whicii
it springs, and by which it is fertilized and propagated are the
disclosures made in the raid on the I. W. W. in Globe last Sat
urday. Of two men arrested in the raid on federal warrants, both
were foreigners, and one was an Austrian an offering to the Ameri
can melting pot which refused to melt, from a land whose despotic
greed helped plunge America in war. Among the spoils taken in the
raid were several hundred copies of "Der Klassenkopf," an I. W. W.
paper published in the tongue of Germany the power whose blood
lust caused the sacrifice of 100,000 American lives, and the maiming
of nearly twice as many more sturdy young specimens of American
manhood. Also among the spoils was an autographed photograph of
Xicolai Lenine, despotic and inhuman leader of the Russian Bol
shevik, who prostituted in misery a nation of two hundred million
souls; and thousands of pamphlets extolling the Russian soviet.
Germany, Austria, Russia all inseparable from the 1. W. V., al!
represented in a small raid on a small clique of the I. W. W. Where
ever walks the earth in guise of a man a single individual represent
ative of the I. W. W., there walks also the blood-lust of Germany, the
greed of Austria, th-3 ferocious peasant-despotism of Suicidal Russia.
In ail the vast mass of "literature" seized in the Globe raid was
found not a single egression of love of America, love of the Ameii
can fiag, love of American citizenship, love of follow man All was
foulness and mitred, anger, vindictiveness and destruction.
Toe piomptness with which the officials acted in Globe indi
cates how determined is the resolve that the crawling, murderous
'hing known as the I. W. W. shall never again gain' a foothold m
Arizona. Globe was toe first place in the state in which this reptile
raised its head after revealing itself in the Centralia murders, and
in Globe retribution was swift and complete.
Arizona cioes not want the I. W, Y., and is-determined' not to
h ive them. Further, this is the unanimous attitude throughout the
nation. Raid after raid has been made on the I. W. W. in cities over
a wide area in the lust woek. Since the I. W.v XV. unleashed its
treacherous heart and took to murdering soldiers of the American
Lesion, the I. W. W. is homeless except in its indigenous habitats
of Germany, Austria and Russia.
AS TO PLAYGROUNDS
I F DOUBT EXISTS in the mind of any Bisbee citizen as to the sad
need of this city for playgrounds for it's children, these doubts
will be quickly dispelled by a visit to the swings and slides, ath
letic bars and other devices of healthy play in the paved courts
in front of the Central school. These courts are crowded with happy,
frolicking children, outside of school hours, from early morning to
dusk. The little ones may also be seen there at play on a Sunday.
Other schools .are not so fortunate as the Central school, and
even were all schools well equipped ' with this feature, there would
still be a big demand for a municipal playground to accommodate
hundreds of children.
Healthy play means strong bodies, and sunny dispositions. The
playground is nn essential factor in training for citizenship. The
playground problem is one which Bisbee's civic pride can not allow
to slumber.
BISBEE'S MUSICAL SEASON
THE Musical Events club, in its efforts to afford this city a winter
nrlisical season of premier attractions, deserves not only the
commendation, but the substantial financial backing, of every
man and woman in Bisbee. There is an absurd outside impres
sion that a "mining camp" can not be a city of culture. With its
"litir?.ry and ait clubs, and this new musical enterprise undertaken
by the Musical Events club, Bisbee is as cultural a civic center as
is to be found in the southwest. And it is a safe conjecture that, in
pioporiion to population, Bisbee lias more cultured and erudite citi
zens than the average larger American city.
The first of the attractions offend by the Musical Events club
is Rudolph Ganz, the Swiss Pianist, who will be heard here in a
recital i.o.xt Monday evening, lie should be greeted by a packed
house of Bisbee music-lovers. The same reception should greet each
of the o' her programs of the Musical Events club.
It is splendid thin:; which the Musical Events club is doing for
Uisb?o. The popularity of the coming concerts, which their stellar
nature can not fail to win for them, will do much toward giving
Bistce a permanent premier position in southwestern musical circles.
A CITY OF HOMES
ILLUMINATING are the (inures on the building at present in pro
gress at Wrirreri. as given in an article in the Sunday Review.
More than twenty houses are now undei construction, and present
building projects involve an expenditure of neaily a quarter of a
million dollars. Yet this id not an unusual. snasmuJy building Loom.
It is a matter of straight, reliable "batting avenge" with Warren,
the City Beaut ilul already the most artistp; and attractive .little
city of homes in the slate of Arizona.
Warrens growth has been so steady and substantial Hint the
phenomenon has passed almost unnoticed und"r the accustomed eyes
of lesidcnts of Bisbee and throughout th Warren District. Not so
to outsiders, to visitors and home-seeUers in the district. The- City
Beautiful in which the tiniest house is built in the' most- libra
modern style and has its commodious yard and garden of roses ir
other flowers -is Hllricting statewide favorable commenl. its equal
as a city of homes cui not be found in any other mini'ig district. It.
is destined to grow both in population and beauty a residence city
of which not only this district, but the state of Arizona, may well bo
proud.
:? 'KM
I I ! - ' ! HI . ' -
THE MONO MANIC
He wears a haggard, care-worn face.
He's careless in his talk.
He .'lurries up and down the street,
In a rambling, hasty walk.
He cornei s me whene'er he can
Along my business biock.
And whispers slyly in my tar
He owns the. shares of some oiI:stock!
He dreams of gushers when he sleeps.
Of suckers when ne wakes;
And when he talks his tongue runs on
Without a thought of brakes.
I hate to curb his flow of words,
I do not want to knock.
But Lord preserve me from the man
Who owns the chares of some oil stock!
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago Today In Bisbee
SMILE WITH US
- THE HOUSE
said
(From the Bisbee Daily Review of Tuesday, November 18, 19202.)
A Humber of enthusiastic, faus jour
neyed to Tucson Sunday as an official
escort to the Bisbee Reds, who wOn
the southwest baseball championship
by defeating the Tucson Grays, 7 to 2.
McKenna, Noyes and Breisno were
the stars for Bisbee, AlcKenna pitch
ing a splendid game. Vnder the man
agement of Captain Smith the Bisbee
team has won every game or import
ance this year.
years. He was finally retaken by
Captain Bert Mossman near Naco, aft
er being enticed across the line on a
horse stealing expedition.
The world owes us a nvin,
Meandering Mike.
"Maybe it 8oes," rejoined nodding
j Pete, "but I cant' see what we-eve
been doin niosi of our lives to put the
world under any obligations."
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Nov. 17. Up early, after a restful Sunday and some pleasant conversa
tion with the lady who gave me two slices of fine apple pie some time ago,
and visited me with her husband. My wife was also present, and she a little
out of countenance when she found that I had eaten another's apple pie
when I. will not eat her own. I and my wife to church on Sunday, and a
good sermon, and the church so chilly that I stayed awake and heard all ot
it. Did hear a pleasant tale on Saturday evening of a well-known prize
fighter who has 'a sweetheart, and who was overheard to say to her in a
dark corner: "Now, you take your camera tomorrow, and I'll take mine, and
we will take a walk aud some pictures, and I'll have some candy!" And all
of his friends think this is 'a h 1 of a conversation for a pugilist. To town
about noon this day, and to the Annex, where there was a mighty wrangling
and cftterwauling about the fights on Friday night, with groat arguments
for one and another of the scrappers, and then Mr. French told me that my
diary was wrong for Sunday, for I Imd said that 1 was going to change my
night-gown for pajamas, and he swoic ihat women alone wear night-gowns,
and that I should have said night-shirt, wnich made me think that he is not
familiar with his subject. Met Mr. Latham this tlay, who told some stories
of the early days in Arizona, at which I was much pleased, especially when
he talked about killings and scalping, which turned my mind to serr.e
prefilef is in Bisbee and the sad fact that in this day, when we need them
so Lad. all 'he Indians are gone. To the library, where I read a new and
miishy novel, which did not impress me much, although I could not but
icsagine that some of our writers must have hal some hectic experiences
in then youth. The town quiet, it being Monday, and many in Tombstone,
where Charlie Roberts was tho center cl attraction, and much speculation
tint he is going to come out the small end of the flole, no matter how h3
turns. Some talk, too, that he is going to wear a necktie, so that he will be
disguised effectively when he begins his campaign for governor. To the
office in the evening, where thcr was not very much to do. but that diffi
cult, so that I was glad when I started for home. Read this nigiit a pamphlet
on liish f:eedom, and then to bed, pleased to think that the coming day is
payday.
Thursday will be Bisbee day at the
Eagles' carnival in Tucson. It will be
celebrated by a flower parade and an
immense crowd is expected. There are
25 shows in the carnival.
ACCORDING TO RULE
Teacher Dont' you know that punc
tuation means that you must pause?
Willie 'Course I do. A motor
driver punctuated his tire in front of
our house on Sunday and lie paused
for half an hour.
Officer Charley Thomas yesterday
Guards have been doubled at the rid the city of eleven hoboes he found
Solomon ville jail to prevent the es- slumbering in a box. car, by turning
cape of Augustin Chacon, for the his cinnamon bear loose in the car and
hanging of whom on Friday all ar- then shouting the alarm. The El
rangements have been completed. He Paso & Southwestern came out second
will hang for the murder of Pablo best, as the hoboes tore out one end of
Salcido at Morenci on Christmas day, l the car in the haste of their exit
1S95, following the stabbing or Paul
Becker, when he refused to open the
safe of Mrs. McCormick's s'.ore for a
band of robbers of which Chacon was
the leader. Next morning Constable
Alex Davis and a posse trailed the
robbers to a Mexican house, from
which they emerged shooting at
everything-in sight. A pitched battle
ensued between officers and citizens
on one side and the robbers on the
other. Two of the robbers were' shot,
and Chacon shot Salcido. while the lal
Jer was following him. up a mountain
et
side to induce him to s-uvrender. Cha
con was captured and taken to the
Solomonville jail, but escaped into
Mexico and eluded capture for five
City fire protection came up for dis
cussion at the city council meeting
last evening. It was the concensus of
opinion that a 1000,000 gallon water
tank be placed on the highest point of
School hill, a 50,000 gallon tank on
Chihuahua hiil and one of the same
dimensions on Quality Hill.
At last evening's council meeting,
Dr. Caven, health officer, reported
that the city's health is generally
good, with no cases of smallpox or
other contagious diseases. At the
meeting Councilman Warner made a
vigorous attack on the unsanitary
condition of the city.
AN EXCEPTION
"You know it is impossible to
along without effort."
"Oh, is it?" One! can gee along In
years without half trying."
AFTER THIS. THE DELUGE
Alter trite news of a strike of the poo'-house inmates in a town in Iowa,
who de'uanded more bread and softer. Jack Lait warbles thusly in the Chi
cago Tribune:
'Twas November in ihe poorhotise,
All the guests were gathered round,
And up spake the eldest cadger,
A former cafe hountf:
"I demand more punk, and softer,
Or I'll hit the open pike.
Are you with me, toothless inmates?"
And the inmates answered "Strike!"
MAUD WAS FOOLED
"Poor Maud She got cruelly deceiv
ed when she married that old man."
"Didn't he have any money?"
"Oh, yes, plenty of money; but he
is ten years younger than he said he
was."
LIES OF THE DAY
With the announcement of the Republican victories in the senate the
country at lrge is downhearted.
The American Legion has forgotten that its task is to fight for America.
Poliiics is not funny.
Douglas has resolved to move back into the United Stale:?.
The citizens of Cochise county do not want good roads and plenty of 'em.
The lvalue c. o. c. c. want Charlie Roberts as governor.
"Did the play have a happy end
ing?" "Well, the heroine was kissing the
hero as the curtain started down, but
I saw her kick him on the shins at the
final flop."
WE'LL SAY SO!
A convention of magicians in Chicago has passed resolutions against .
the high cost of living.
It does not take a magic mind,
Or even half a try.
To see the outgo of the income '
Is quicker, than the eye!
The foregoing; under the rose, is tho reason why we co not attend the
theaters regularly. (Whaddayamean, "theaters?")
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
"Woman's complete absorption in
a topic is a puzzle to mere man."
"It's . a good thing, though' said
Mr. Wombat. "When two '.vivos att
to gossiping ever clothes, Wish- hus
bands have a chance to sneak a
drink." Louisville Courier-Journal.
Wealthy Divorcee
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general interest
relating only to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or -,to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
HEALTH HINTS FOR OFFICE ;
WORKERS
So far as food requirements are
concerned, the indoor office worker,
naturally will not require as much as(
a hard working mechanic, especially!
one working out of doors. j
But in addition to giving some at-
tention to the quantity of food it is
especially important, in the case di
the office worker, to choose foods !
that will not constipate, for owing to
the very limited exercise of the ab-i
doniinal muscles, the office worker j
is very liable to chronic eonstipa-i
t ion. j i
Meal, once a day is sufficient. The j loci should include some form of exe-r-
midday me.il should be light but I eise in the open air. This does not j
vegetables, j mean gymnastics or other forms of
MENU FOR TODAY
BREAKFAST Oranges, uncooked
cereal, French toast, cofi'e?.
LUXCHKOX English monkey,
fruit, tea.
DINNER Green pea soup, boiled i
i leg of mutton, boiled white pota
toes, bread and bui1 :-r, currant jelly,
! lettuce- and' radisn salad, steamed
: puddings, coffee.
DAILY RECIPE
ENGLISH MONKEY:
1 1-2 cups stale i u L dri
crumbs.
1 cup milk.
1 1-2 tablespoons butter.
1 1-4 cups cheese.
1 es;g.
12 teaspoon salt.
t S le.ispooli pepper.
Toast or crackers.
d) Lie-ad
j wholesome.
I .--alads, wholi
Fruit.
wheal or graham i strenuous
bread. oatmeal all help overcome
constipation ami should, therefore,
constitute an important part of the
diet. v
Many persons attempt . to ( on ce!
Ihe inactivity of Ihe bowels by the
drugs, mineral oils, enemas and "in
Uinal baths," or by the use of pat
ent medicines. All ihese are danger
ous and should be avoided.
j of fice worker, that the mid day per
physical exertion, but suf
ficient bodily movement to improve pears to be a nect
the circulation, cause deeper breath- It may be u.-et!
inu and assist the bodilv functions dross trimming
generally. ;
"Bracers" are harmful. This ap
plies to Ihe use of tea. coffer and
alcoholic beverages. It is undeniable
Ihat they temporarily overcome the
feeling of I'.Uigue, thus enabling the
Siwlli-i.lii-il I.. nl ili lit 1IMI-
j lll'll, iuuiii i', i 1. 1 1 i i 1 1 , ii. I ---
iticular time, a greater amount of
! i :iur an' , iu thf eate of t life work
OSTRICH SEASON'S ESSENTIAL
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 ".Ostrich ap-
sity this season.
n Ihe newer idea ol
or us an elaborate
or m the aceiis'otiicu piace, .in
hat I rimming -Ihe place matters not,
so il be used.
In a hat which H an idea! example
of I lie v.;y conservative black may
lie brightened with exactly tin. right
note of color, the black eppears close
to the face, .in furs. A close-fitting
tu'Um loujfj e'.oe to tht tuis. iu the
l i y v
HOW TO KEEP HANDS
SMOOTH IN WINTER
Especially In the winter time the
woman who does bsr own housework
has a hard time keeping her hands
in good conditions.
Keep a boiile cf mixed lemon
juice and glyceiiuo on the kitchen
shelf und apply freely after each
dish-washing, while the hands are
clean and still damp.
At night wash the hands in milk
or in oatmeal water and rub with a
loMon made of one ounce of honey,
a ti(i 1-- ounce of losesvater ami 1-2
ounce witch-hazel. Sleep in loose
mittens made of cotton flanuel.
1 - -c-jisKr
NEW HAVEN, Nov. 17. Mrs. Mar
jorie Merrlweathrr Post Close daugh
ter of the late Charles W. Post, $20,
000,000 cereal king, has been granted
a divorce from Major Edward Bennett
Close, w ho 'wedded her in l'J0.". Mrs.
Close has custody of the two children.
A NEW CHANCE FOR
A PROFITEER
Not a "new itiing under the sun"
but a new utilization of something
very much under the sun. Accord
ing to the British and South African
Export Gazette, the sunflower, which
grows easily in South Africa, could
bo produced in great quantities, if
there should be a demand at a price
high enough to repay th effort. The
sunflower is already cultivated to
some degiec for use as poultry food.
new peach sjiade of. velvet. Around
the turban, as is only iiimiuing, is
a band of ostrich. ; loosely curled, of
a thddo mtigiUa ito the velvet.
i HOME-MADE FERTILIZER
FOR HOUSE PLANTS
A wry simple home-made ferti
lizer is' made by dissolving 'in a half
pint t't very hot water Z ounces of
! nitrate of ammonia and 1 ounce ni
trate of potash. When the mixture
is thoroughly dissolved bottle it and
cork tightly. When using in water
lor plants add 1 teaspoonlul to '.!
quarts of lukewarm water. Keep it
labeled "Pois-on" and set out ol" the
way of children or where it may bo
luietjWeu lur luedicilae. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE
BHD OF COUNTY SIMMS
ITES TO ACCEPT FEDERAL ill
la the presence of more than 200
Cochise county residents, represent
ing practically every piectnct in the
county, ,r.nd giving evidence ot the
keen interest taken b the taxpayers
in general in Cochise county road
affairs the board of county super
visors at a special road ' meeting in
Tombstone yesterday afternoon, plac
ed themselves publicly on record as
in favor of accepting the county's
full share of federal aid in road
Work. y
Tli id action was taken after State
EngiiiiV Thomas had explained in
detail L;iure the meeting the fed
eral road aid program. Tlie assem
bled taxpayers ere unanimous in
their opinion that the, federal aid
should be accepted.
Another important action taken by
the board of supervisors was the re
jecting, as being too high, of all
bids submitted for paving on the
Bisbee-Douglas highway.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to be held in the supervisors'
chambers, but so large was the
crowd it became necessary to ad
journ to the court room, some time
before 2 o'clock the hour set for the
meeting.
The first business was the open
ing of bids for cement on the Bisbee-Douglas
highway. The bid of
the El Toro company of El Faso was
the lowest of these . by a consider
able margin. No action was taken
on these bids at this time, the mat
ter being laid over to a subsequent
session.
Bids of two contractors on the pav
ing were received, as follows:
Eaton and Smith, for Section 2A,
J113.625.60; for Section 2B, $127,
72S.80. George Oswald,, , or Section 2A,
$115515.20;. for Section 2B $116,-,
, 890.76.
' The bids were opened in the
! presence of State Engineer Mad
i dock and a full membership of the
j board. Engineer Maddock announced
; his opinion that the bids were too
high, and the board agreeing, on
motion of Supervisor Sparks, sec
onded by Supervisor Roberts all bids
were rejected. A call for new bids
will be issued at a later date. It
was pointed out that this will cause
practically no delay, as owing to
the cold weather not much progress
could be made on the work of
paving during the next month or so,
even if the bid had been let imme
diately. 0
It was agreed between te super
visors and Engineer Maddock that
the unpaved middle section of the
road from Forest ranch to Forest
station, upon which the culverts and
bridges have all been completed,
shall be put in condition for travel
as soon as possible.
State Engineer Maddock then ex
plained to the supervisors and the
big gathering of taxpayers just what
the federal road aid program is. and
how it will benefit the county. J.
N. Gaines of Tombstone, represent
ing the Cochise County Taxpayers'
League, on behalf of the assembled
taxpayers, then asked the board of
supervisors for an expression as to
what they intended to do in the
matter. The supervisors then placed
themselves on record as favoring the
federal aid program.
The gathering of taxpayers was a
representative one, including dele
gations from Bisbee, Douglas, Ben
son, Tombstone, Willcox, Pearce and
other towns in the Sulphur Springs
valley. They expressed themselves
as in one accord as to the necessity
of the federal aid road program be
ing put through in Cochise county.
Badger Fight Will
Be Staged at Grand
As a sort of pre-Chris:mas present
to all his friends in tne boxing game
here, Manager O. S. French of the Bis
bee Athletic club, will stage a badger
fight at the Grand tneater at 8 o'clock
this evening. The theater has been
rented especially for this occasion and.
admittance will be free to all who
wish to attend. Of interest to th.-j
many friends of the welter weight in
the Warren district will be the fat
that Frank Loughrey, matcnmaker of
the club, will referee the ngat.
The badger, a large one, in prime
condition and just brimming over wiih
the desire to battle, was brought in
ywsterday fioni the Chiricahua moun
tains by Tames Kinney. The dog
against the which badger wrn,.pit him
self will be either Red Gannon's well
known bull, or a true pit bull from
Cananea, the pride of the Chivatera
club there. Bets were running high
on the badger yesterday, duo to his
fine condition and size; while those
who believe that no bacrger on earth
can whip a bull dog were waiting to
see what pup would be matched be
fore they would place their money.
In order that there may be no ques
tion as to the merit of the fight,
Loughrey has announced that he is
making no bets.
COTTON ADVANCES
MAKE TEMPE HAPPY
I
I
TEMPE, Nov. 17 Tempe cotton
growers are living in supreme happi
ness. Cotton has reached 86 cents a
pound and prospects of it being higher
some even predicting that It will reach
the dollar mark before long. There is
great competition among the cotton
huj-ers and Saturday a pool of a hun
dred bales was made among the farm
ers and offered to the highest bidder.
I
V-
SERVICE
The new SMITH-PORTER-FIELD-BEST
Company SERV
ICE is the FASTEST MOV
ING CONCERN they have ever
FATHERED. Orders for STOCK
at $1 PAR are POURING IN
at an UNPRECEDENTED
RATE. I have made a large
RESERVATION and will GIVE
YOUR ORDER INSTANT AC
TION. WIRE ME FOR SERV
ICE $1 PAR.
J. R. MOFFETT
LICENSED BROKER
320 Mills Bldg.
Phone 2684
Soldier Killed in
Fall Beneath Truck
Harry It. Van Natter, aged 20
years. memb;r cf motor transport
company "92, stationed in Douglas,
was killed Sunday while attempting
to board a moving truck near Tomb
stone. He. fell beneath the wheels
and was crushed by them. His body
was sent from here tonight to Gran
ite Falls. Wash., where his parents
reside. The motor transport com
pany is accompanying two squadrons
of the First cavalry on a cross coun
try hike to determine the feasibility
of equipment of combat and baggage
trains with motors. In order to de
termine the ability of motor equip
ment to stand up under extraordinar
ily hard treatment, the trucks are
loaded to. capacity, ' sand bags being
employed in some cases. The worst
roads in this section of the state
have been chosen for the hike. The
truck train was at Whetstone Sta
tion, on the El Paso and Southwest
ern railroad, about 60 miles westh of
Douglas, late today.
Mwk)1
IS f HE7BESX
Wp
; BUY
JHES1KSE
AND
ME; MONEY
SQUEEZED
TO DEATH
When the body begins to stiffen
and movement becomes painful it
is usually an indication that the
kidneys are out of order. Keep
these organs healthy by taking
GOLD MEDAL
SM.IM.
The world's standard remedy for kidney,
liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Famous since 1696. Take regularly and
keep in good health. In three sizes, all
druggists. Guaranteed as represented.
Look for the nama Gold Medal on every box
ud accapt no imitatin
. e. e.
Wootton
HARDWARE .
PLUMBING
TINNING
Largest stock of Plumbing
Supplies in the District.
See our line of Stoves and
Ranges. -
Paints, Glass, Cutlery,
Sporting Goods
Upper Main St. Bisbee, Ariz
M M
, INTKESIb. SIZE
A $2.60 a Can
LB. C0j lib. Can
Phelps Dodge Mercantile Co. ,
EtBif, WoLi&mm, LOWUL KACO 1
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
& -J
he
Jr Molls
Thru a
Print
Chi I
Special
Theodore
area in Da
Arrangement This Paper Will
Roosevelt's Letters to His
eginning
uu msia
November 24
llments B
liiir ' n 4
mm-
l!
A rare picture of Theodore Roosevelt. Mrs. Roosevelt and live cl,i ldrwi. Quemin was born a veai- after the picture was taken.
pOLONEL ROOSEVELT, hold-
ing in his hand a collection of
letteri he had written to his chil
dren, said to a close friend:
"I WOULD RATHER HAVE
THESE LETTERS PUBLI5H2D
THAN ANY THING THAT
HAS BEEN WRITTEN ABOUT
ME!"
Roosevelt known io ihc vcricl
as the statesman, soldier, ranch
ir.an,, explorer, hunter, editor
had another side known only to
his immediate family.
No matter how busy "daddy"
Roosevelt was in Washington, he
always found time to send a
"Presidential Message" to the
youngsters whether at Sagamore
Hill or away at school.
He told them about the new
pets which were continually be
ing presented to him and he
6 rev pictures of them, tor, pic
tures of an owl holding a rat, of
B'rcr Rabbit going "hippity,, hip
p'ty off into the bushes," of a
pon' bucking Ethel over his head,
ot a bear plaj'ing dead and then
sitting up and scaring the Hogs
almost to death.
When the children were older
and away at school, he wrote
them letters of advice and helped
them to decide what football team
to play on, and other puzzling
problems.
Fathers, mothers, boys and
girls will find great fun in read
ing these letters as they sppsar in
The Review.
WATCH. FOR THE FIRST INSTALLMENT OF THE ROOSEVELT LETTERS,
in The Review November 21. r
Tips of
TO TUCSON
Dr. L. O. Gonzalfs
business.
is in Tucson on
TO LEAVE DISTRICT
K. S. Liirkiu U'ft last evening for
Grand Ra.piris.Mieh., where Jie in
tends to reside permanently.
TO FEDERAL COURT
Tom Foster, deputy
sheriff
Lowell, left last, evening for Tucpoh,
where lie will attend the federal
court.
WEDDING BELLS
Rafael Duran and Consuolo were
united in the bonds of matrimony
Sunday at Lowell by Judge J. L.
Winters.
I KIAL I UUAY
The trial of ("net Moon, accused of
complicity in the robbery of the!
i l eu Meat market anout two inont lis
i.j;o, will open this morning in Tomb
sum.
LEAVES FOR EAST
Roy K. Hog tn, brother of J. W.
lloian. police judge, who has been
visiting in
Risbee lor several days,
Kit Sunday for his home in Indian-
npons. ne win scop at t,i t'aso lor
a few
sifter.
days, however, to visit his
TO TOMBSTONE
Hill Rulf, member of the local
police department, will go to Tomb
stone today on business connected
with the superior court.
CHIEF' SURGEON RETURNS
Dr. V. E. Shine, chief surgeon. for
the Piu-lpr. Dodge corporation and
the K. P. & S. W. railway, has re-
turned to the Warren district after
spending several months m Los An
geles. COMMITTEEMEN HERE
AH.yn P. Janes, editor of the Tuc
foii Citizen an-J Republican national
committeeman, was in' Pisbee yester
day. He attended the meeting of
the board of supervisors at Tomb
stone. CASE DISMISSED
The case of Louisa Acosta against
the Phelps Dodge corporation, in a
personal injury suit, was dismissed
in the federal court Xit Tucson yester
day, on motion of the plaintiff's at
torney. Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work.
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teeth. Tliey
should be attended to now.
DR. J. F. TEUFERT,
Maze Bldg.
Modern, Painless Methods.
INVADER OF TEXAS
COMING SENSATION
Oil wells flowing Refinery Op
erating, and pipe lines beins
laid as fast as men can put
them together, this is being
accomplished NOW by the IN
VADER OF TEXAS. NOV. 25
positively the last day to buy
INVADER OIL & REFINING
AT 5 CENTS.
F. BRIGGS & CO.
Lowell. Phone 701
CAUGHT ANOTHER
TERRIBLE COLD?
Relieve it quickly with Dr.
Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-IIbney
STOP toting around a disagreeable
and dangerous cold. Let Dr.
. Bull's Pine-Tar-Honey exert its
ability as a supremely beneficial help
uy relieving phlegm, stuffiness, . in
flammation, congestion, hoarseness,
difficult breathing. Let it help you as
it regularly helps thousands of others
for whom its balsamic and healing
.antiseptics never fail to promote results.
Safe for the little ones, too.
An economical bottle can be procured
from your druggist today. That's a
wise thing to do. 30c., 60c., $1.20.
8
cTor the Youngster's Bowels
Relieve that clow-acting liver and those
Behind-time bowels with gentle but ponitlve
Po-Do-Lax. Calomel is too violent, ft leaves
uncomfortable after-affects. Po-Do-Lax keeps
the family fit and feeling good, free from the
flnwine-tir of rehl'irvn hnivfh 60c. rrn(-r-if
the Town
MOTHERS' CLUB MEETING
Announcement of the regular meet
ing: of the Mothers' club, held last
Friday, was made yesterday. Mrs.
Sanders had charge of the literary
program, during which some inter
esting talks on the modern novelists
were given. Mrs. M. Newman and
.Mrs. H. Krankenherg were hostesses.
Refreshments were served. The next
at I meeting, which will be of a social
nn'ure, will be. held on November 2S.
MEET TOMORROW
The Bisbee Mothers' club will
meet in the Y. M. C. A. building at
2 o'clock tomorrow afternoon. The
Rev. John P. Fry, pastor of the Pres
byterian church, will speak on his
experiences overseas, where he spent
! i::ny months in Y. M. C. A. wnrt
i STATE ENGINEER HERE
T0m Maddoek. Kt:it .orir,..
passed through Hih
yesterday on
his way to Tombstone.
TO RESIDE WITH BROTHER
Miss Ruth Ikrggren, sister of Joe
LergKren of the cold storage depart
ment of the Phelps Dodge store, ar-
j rived in Hisbee yesterday, and will
make her
home with her brother.
TO CANANEA
The Misses Florence and Ethel
Maddoek and Ethel Rendell, and J
W. Lassiier and M. A. Bateman
motored to Cananea Sunday. On the
lomrn trip, ('. R. Riley accompanied
them.
SALESMEN HERE
"Chesterfield" Webb, the well
known salesman, accompanied by V.
E. Hicks, division manager of the
state of Arizona for the John Bole-
man Tobecco company, anived
Eisbee yesterday.
He will he here
for about a waek.
FROM SON'S BEDSIDE
Penney, member of a prom
inent pioneer family here, returned
yofltord&y from Phoenix, where she
has been attending her sou, Elmer
Penney, who has been seriously ill
there.
WORD FROM OVERSEAS
Mr. and Mrs. U. 5- Ratteree of
Wi.irtn have received word from
the!r fons v.ho are still in Fran?:e.
Loth beys are well and are taking
the opportunity to see as much of
the country as is possible.
HERE FROM CALIFORNIA
Mrs. Helen A. Conger, mother of
Mrs. J. M. I yrne of Warren, has ar
rived in the district from her home
in Alameda. She has been visit ins
for sonic time with another daughter
in Waco, Texas, and also stopped
a few days with her son md his wife
at Douglas. She will leave for Ala
meda tomorrow.
STORK VISITS
A nine-pound baby boy was born
oi Sunday to Mrs. D. B. Campbell,
wile of D. B. Campbell of Wood can
yon. Mother and son are in the best
of health and spirits. '
LOOKING FOR SON
The whereabouts of Charles Oliver
Scolt, prospector and mining man,
are sought by his old mother in Los
Angeles, who has directed a letter
to the local postoffice concerning
him. She is worried about him and
is anxious to get in touch -with him.
He is described as being 6 feet, 1
inch tall; large brown eyes; scar on
right eyebrow; high cheek bones;
brown curly hair; 29 years of age;
weight, 163 pounds; American. He
Is of a kindly disposition, fond of
pets, and has been a miner and pros
pector, although he is generally
handy and will do any kind of work.
His mother's address is Mrs. Lillie
B. Scott, 137 East Twenty-ninth
street, Los Angeles, Cal.
MINER DIES
George Tomljanovich, age 33 years,
died at 5 o'clock yesterday morning
of pneumonia at No. 22 Cowan
Ridge in Lowell, after an illness of
four days.
The deceased was a- member of
the Croatian Lodge Rodnik No. 22G,
whk-h lodge will have charge of the
funeral arrangements. The remains
will very likely be interred in the
.Evergreen cemetery. The deceased
was employed at the Denn mine. No
date has yet been set for the funeral.
He has a large number of friends,
but no relatives in the community.
He has an aunt living in New York,
who Ins been notified.
HIS INHERITANCE
Judge: "If your parents were poor
but honest, as you say, how is it you
are here?"
Predatory Pete: "Alas, yer nonor,
I inherited only de poverty."
hi
.S a
.1 .
do a
d CS in
O & h I;
a as a s
2 u C
CJ eC
5 O
jug"0
.2 3 ? .
eS IP WE BOTH TO(?7TUPP r.flM.-r
me-.. r . 1
iwiovo Wto CCWTlrVG5.OFDlR.TV SVCS YOU C5Mrl
TO T31TS
The
boys conference whirh i
scheduled for Phoenix on November
2S, 29 and 30, was the subiect of discus-ion
during the regular i weekiv
unmer or me boys
- ..
I .if !
tit y jm t - T
fin m . . :
ill i a m u r m mtm h
Hn 10 SEi
1 5 DELEGATES
10 CONFEBEHGE'
Hl- club at tli!i, o ,
V n a i., . I
.Iv. A. last evpninir T?n,.i.,oo !
evening:. Because
or the joint meeting with the girls'
Hi-Y club, which was scheduled for
7:30 o'clock, the boys'' meeting was
called at 6:30 o'clock. The discus
sion was led by Albert Sutcliffe. who
announced that Bisbee will be al
lowed to send 15 delegates, and who
urged that all the members of the
club to send in, their registration
cards for the conference at the earli
est possible date.
Three hundred boys are expected
to attend from all parts of the state
and prominent men have been se
cured to address the boys. Among
the men who are going to speak are:
Hon. Thos. B. Campbell, governor, of
Arizona; Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles University, secretary of the in
ternational committee of the Y. M.
' -' 1 ....... .
C. A.;E. ('. Watte, Jr. prominent
Yes; S. So S. Is Purely Vegetable
Nature's Safe Btocd Treatment
On the Market Half a Century.
When you are in perfect health,
and are enjoying a strong and
vigorous vitality, it is then that
your blood is free from all impuri
ties. You should be very careful and
pive heed to the slightest indica
tior. of impure blood. A sluggish
circulation is often indicated by
DANCE
PRIZE WALTZ
TOMORROW (WEDNESDAY) NIGHT
. MRS. SALES' ACADEMY
Prizes will be awarded to the best couple voted for by
entire audience. JAZZ MUSIC
CENTS $1.00 ' ' LADIES FREE
!WIIH1JBJHUIJJ III! J1IJLL ,. MimimmmM.'
ESEKVEjjfe
LIQUIDS anc PASTES : For Black.White.Tan
and Ox-Blood (dark brown) Shoes.
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
- -Ttil IJ k
"
THT Vcu SS.R
IN YOUR. SOClKsiU
torney of El Paso, who has just com
puted a trip around the world;
Harry Itimmer, of Los Angeles and
possibly William . S. Hart famous
movie star. '
Earl Twomey. secretary, took
twenty orders for the official Hi-Y
pin, which is a little red triangle
with a blue field and a white cross.
Ed Lawrenson, football coach of
the high school, was the guest of the
evening. At 7:30 the boys adjourned
to the V. W. C. A.
WOMAN WINS
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 17. The
state sur.reme tnur,1 MK.-nrnoi tHov-
""7 UL wuuien 10 noici oiuce :n
it. . . .
imi vhp nj an cniT-iiit.. n . 1 1. . . , ,
. . . .. . V VI 1111 1 1 1 1 1 1 , jii
the case in which the legality of the
election of Nellie Suilivan as county
auditor of Silver Bow county, was
contested.
CHANGES COMMAND
JUAREZ, Mex., Nov. 17 Colonel
Francisco del Arco, cominancfer or the
62nd battalion of infantry at Juarez,
will leave Tuesday with part of his
command for Chihuahua City, where
he wil be stationed.
:
R. R. BILL PASSES
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 The Esch
railroad bill, providing Tor private
ownership and operation of rail car
riers, under broad federal supervision,-
was passed tonight by the house, 203
at-(to 159.
an impaired appetite, a feeling of
lassitude and a general weakening;
of tl.2 system. It is then that you
should promptly take a few bottles
of S. S. S. It will aid in cleans
ing the blood and- build up and
strengthen the whole system.'
S. S. S. is sold by all druggists.
Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had free by
writing to the Swift Specific Co,,
50 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
rrErsnarK-i
LEATHER
GIRLS OF Hl-Y
FOREIGN WORK
"How far can jou see?" was the sub
ject discussed at joint meeting of the
boys' and girls' Hi-Y clubs, held last
night in the recreation room of the V.
:W. C. A'. The subject referred tto the
financial, social and educational con
ditions of girls' in foreign countries,
with special emphasis on the condi
tions of the girls in Oriental countries.
The meeting was opened with the
Ixird's prayer. Jeanette Ash, secre
tary, called the roll and 36 answered
to their names.
Ilellen McDonald, president of the
club then called for reports from the
several committees. The following
were given: Financial report, Pearl
Lanphere; membersr.rp, Jeanette
Aish, and religious, Hellen McDonald.
Helen Okerstrom opened the discus
sion of the work being done by the Y.
W. C. A. In foreign countries. She
touched upon the wors ?erng done at
Kobe college in Japan by the Y. W.
C. A. Last summer 263 girls were en
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Get
at the Cause and Remove It
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the sub
stitute for calomel, act gently on the
bowels and positively do the work.
People afflicted with bad breath find
quick relief through Dr. Edwards' Olive
Tablets. The pleasant, sugar-coated
tablets are taken for bad breath by
all who know them.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act gen
tly but firmly on the. bowels and liver,
stimulating them to natural action,
clearing the blood and gently purifying
the entire system. They do that which
dangerous calomel does without any
of the bad after effects.
All the benefits of nasty, sickening,
griping cathartics are derived from
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets without
griping, pain or any disagreeable effects.
Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered the
formula after seventeen years of prac
tice among patients afflicted with
bowel and liver complaint, with the
attendant bad breath.
Olive Tablets are purely a vegetable
compound mixed with olive oil; you
will know them by their olive color.
Take one or two every night for a week
and note the effect. 10c and 25-
BAD
BREATH
Hardware Costs Little
We Have Just Received a Carload of
Touring Cars
and
Roadsters
' 1
DON'T LET YOUR VANITY RULE YOU
Buy A Ford
You know you want Service and Cheap Upkeep. A car that will hold its
value, a car you can sell if you have to. That's why over half the world's
output of cars ARE FORD CARS. Come in and get your car. Easy terms
F. C. Bledsoe
tertained theer at the summer confer
ence of the Y. W. C. A.
Katherine Winstead told some Inter
esting facts on the physical conditions
of women and girls in the Orient. She
brought home the fact that when we
drink tea from Japan or when we eat
rice from China, 200,000,000 people in,
the non-Christaian world go to bed
hungry.
Helen Ifoesch discussed some of
the educational problems that are to
be dealt with in the Orient, where
28,000,000 Chinese women are married
each year without having learned to
read a cook book. She also brought
out the fact that an Oriental woman
with a smattering of education was
looked down upon.-'
Hazel Gillman then toid how native
women were being made into leaders
through education.
Hellen Allison gave a f;rus.sion of
the several industrial problems that
pertain to the women and gills."
Mabel Ewing told of the problems
V '-' m.,Vm,M i.fmmm ;.''r.lttl yt?:r.rgL?r1 rT-E ,r
If
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
The World's Greatest
Comedian
Larry Semon
In
"Dew Drop In"
Frank Keenan
In
The Master Man'
4 Al Jennings
In
"The Canyon
Holdup"
A Wolfville Tale
v When Our Quality Is Considered
Sporting Goods Phonographs Paints Glass
Auto Accessories.
PLUMDING HEATING TINNING
H. E WOOTTON
Upper Main St.
of living away from home and Jean
ette Ash made her hearers acquainted
with some of the social problems that
have to be faced.
Miss Ruth lMrd, advrsor to the club,
then touched upon the religious prob
lems. She said that the Oriental peo
ple who have accepted the teachings
of Confucious, Riiddlia and Shinto
were looking Into the Christian teach
ings to see if their problems could not
be settled by them. Site also said
that although these people had copied
some of the custom:; of the more civi
lized countries, they Jir.ve not yet
faugh: the spirit un-lrilyin them. .
Florence VcKe:u: and Mildred
Carey ihen discusied the problem of
finding leaders from our own rov.nriy
to aid in solving I he rmt-stions ,f then
Oriental people.-;.
Afur the meeting n fre. hiiir-i.t
.were served and the joi.t;; ;,eop lr con
cluded the 'ening wi ll a dance. Tit"
music was rendered by the .iiss. s
Winsied, AVheel. r and Lanph-re.
:AGL
THE ATkE
TODAY I TO II
Opening of the Famous
Comedy
THE HALL ROOM
BOYS
In
"ALMOST HEROES"
They Do It On 8 per.
Featuring
Flanigan & Edwards
Gladys Leslie
In
"ThVGoiaen
Showec"
SCREEN A GAZINE
Nell Shipman
"The Trail of the
A'rrow"
Phone 268
i
PHONE 686
JOHNSON ADDITION
y a u
- a -e
C2 U u - 5
1 g-v ANPg sromActTfl TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE SEVEN
OF SPORT
LOCAL
IN
THE
REALM
WORLD
KID GEORGE HAS LARGE
N T
That Bisbee fight fans are soing
to see one of the best middleweight:
in the country in action on next Fri
day night, when Fred (Kid) George
steps into the ring: with Walter Cald
well in the main event, is well known
to followers of the ring, but that
others may have a definite idea of
the caliber of the fijrhter who will
appear on that evenin?, as well as
an indication of the kind of programs
which are being arranged by Man
ager French for the patrons of the
Bisbee Athletic club, the following
summary of the life of Kyi George
and his battle has been prepared:
Fred (Kid) George, whose name
in full is Fred Dempsey George, and
who is known in every part of the
United States for ins fighting abili
ty, was born in Sacramento, Cal., in
1891, and he has been in the boxing
game since 11)03, with the exception
of the period from 1914 .to 1918.
when, with the exception of one
fight, which he won from Hugh
Walker in 10 rounds, he stayed away
from the squared circle, lie is of
Irish-American nationality, with a
strain of Cherokee Indian running in
the veins of his husky body.
His reputation, which is one that
any fighter might be proud of. is
founded on the following record:
Jack Davis, k.o., 14 rounds; Ward
Kell, k.o., 4 rounds; Jack Eurke. k.
o., 1 round; Joe McGurn, won. foul.
9 rounds; Walter Stanton, k.o., 2
rounds; Joe McGurn, won, 20 rounds;
Benny Hart, Avon, 20 rounds; Frank
Mayfield, lost on k.o., 9 rounds;
Fred Brooks, draw, 20 rounds; Den
ver John O'Keefe, won, 10 rounds;
Montana Dan Sullivan, draw, 10
rounds; Sailor retrcskey, draw, 10
rounds; Vic Hansen, draw, 20,
rounds; Ike Cohen, k.o., 9 rounds;
Frank Mantoll, lost decision, 20
rounds; Frank Mantell, draw,
rounds; Buck Krouse. draw,
rounds; Freddy Holland, k.o.,
rounds; Howard Morrow.draw,
By RAZZ BERRY
WHEN BOB MARTIN WANTS TO
GET HOME EARLY HE FINISHES
'EM OFF IN A HURRY. .
When he hasn't aijy place particu
lar to go and feels charitably Inclined
he sometimes lets 'em live ten or elev
en rounds.
But the teams that manage to pile
up a margin of two or taree touch
downs over their opponents never kick
about the goal after touchdown.
Bob's defense is a great knockout
punch in either hand. When you've
got that you don't need to worry about
the blocking, ducking and clinching.
It's like a homerun In a baseball
game. Babe Ruth doesn't need to
worry about getting a pass, making a
sacrifice or some other fine points of
the art of batting. He just knocks
the old pill and that ends it.
Football teams in the east are kick
ing about the goal from touchdown
scoring rule. They figure thatif the
goal from touchdown which is one
FAST COUNTING BA KS
X i i vr . ft wlpWM
Pennsylvania has one of the fastest scoring machines in the east this
year, though the Quakers have not w on all their games. The team has
been able to run up big scores in all b ut one or two gamer- played. Derr,
Light and Brunner are stellar performers and have hPen consistently in the
limelight all season.
1
TO HIS CREDIT
rounds; Jack Ilerrick, draw, 4
rounds; Rufe Williams, lost, 4
rounds; Frank Rice, k.o., 1 round;
Roy Taylor, draw, 10 rounds; Bob
Graham, won, 10 rounds; Joe Clark,
k.o., 2 rounds: Walter Coffee, won,
20 rounds: Vic Hansen, draw, 20
rounds; Roy Taylor, draw, 10
rounds; Rufe Williams, won, 4
rounds; Dude Clark, won, 20 rounds;
Mexican Kid Carter, draw, 4 rounds;
Pat Bradley, won, 4 rounds; Jack
Cordell, kJJ., 1 round; Russell Kane,
draw, 20 rounds; Patsy McKenna,
won, 15 rounds; Jack Cordell, k.o.,
2 rounds: Otto Berg, won, 20 rounds;
Lee Burns, draw, 20 rounds; Mike
Schubert, k.o., 9 rounds; Al Smaul
ding, won, 10 rounds; Al Smaulding,
second fight, won, 10 rounds; Dick
Gilbert, draw, 10 rounds; John
Thomas, k.o., 6 rounds; Young Jack
Johnson, won, 10 rounds; Harry
Wallaeo, won, 10 rounds; Dick Gil
ber! draw, 10 rounds; Henry Pross
won, 20 rounds; Willie Mehan, draw,
10 rounds; Henry Pross, draw, 10
rounds, second fight; Hugh Walker,
won, 12 rounds; John Thomas, won,
10 rounds; Art McGurl, lost decision,
10 rounds; Glenn Bartless, k.o., 5
rounds: Johnnie Sudenberg, draw, 15
rounds; Johnnie Sudenberg, second
fight, draw, 15 rounds; Walter Cald
well, lost by k.o., 15 'rounds.
From the above record, sprinkled
plentifully with knockouts, which
shows Kid George to have won the
great majority of his fights, while he
has mixed with the best scrappers
in the country, it is apparent that
as a middleweight fighter his repu
tation is well sustained. The last
knockout, that .by Walter Caldwell
at Albuquerque, was riot a knockout
in reality, but is registered as such.
It is ta reverse this decision that he
has been after Caldwell for a fight,
and he is confident that he wli:
quare things with the New Mexican
battler when fney tangle Fjriday
night.
man's game beats a team of eleven
men, then the other ten men of the
team were unjustly beaten. s
IT'S THE OLD KNOCKOUT WAL
LOP THAT BEATS 'EM ALL.
40 Years on the Job
I put in 40 years as a practical
druggist (now In my 47th year )and
compounder of prescriptions before I
put Number 40 For Tht Blood on the
market and at this late date in life I
would not recommend a medicine that
I did not believe was equal or superior
to any other I have observed the effect
pf Number 40 in thousands of cases
and use it universally in my own fam
ily for blood poisoning ra any form.
For constipation, billiousness, stomach
and liver troubles.- For chronic rheu
matism, catarrh, eczema and all skin
trobules. There is more Number 40
sold and used in this vicinity than all
other blood medicines combined. J. C.
Mendenhall, Evansville, Ind. . Sold and
recommended by Lowell Drug com
pany and Central Pharmacy. Adv.
BOB MARTINS WITH A PUNCH
My first big bout over here wasn't
such a task alter all. It was the first
time I ever made much money out of
boxing. I had one professional bout
previously and that was in Paris with
Bob Scanjon, afier I had won the in
ter-allied title. I beat Scanlon in
Paris and won 5000 francs. 1 knocked
him down nine times before he took
the count in the eleventh that lucky
eleventh again.
And, on the boat coming back, the
Minnesota,' I picqed up a lew dollars
for boxing a few rounds and also had
the privilege of the officers bath. (In
the meantime Jack Dempsey was trav
eling in state to the facil'ic coast).
Seeing the Statute of Liberty again in
New York harbor meant more to me
than all the medals and money.
There was a big reunion of the Mar
tin and DeWitt families at T.Iartins
burg, W. Va., and I was there. There
were 600 altogether and I was the big
gest in the bunch.
I took cn Joe Bonds at Akron, after
I had a good rest and visited folks at
Terre Alta, where I think every one
of the 800 inhabitants met me at the
station. They all knew me because I
delivered their milk when I was a kid.
I learned a lot in the two weeks pre
ceding the Bonds fight. I knew there
was lots to learn and that a crafty old
ringster like Joe might slip one over
any time. And now that it is over I
know there are lots of other things to
learn. I must learn better to keep
those fellows away from me and I
must learn to to let the other fellow
lead now and then. I did all the lead
ing with Bonds and he took advantage
of my greenness to crowd in close and
OVER THE STATE
SPORT CIRCUIT
EXPECT K.'O. IN TUCSON
Fans who have witnessed both fight
ers in action predict that the Woods-
Carlson match, the main event of Art
Shannon's Elysian grove fight card for
Thanksgiving day in Tucson will be
won by the first of the two lads who
shoves a punch through the first open
ing. The style of the two lads is said
two bear a big resemblance, both be
ing fast and hard-hitters. Woods has
shown local fans that one good punch
is all he needs to deliver to grab off a
victory, and Caveman Carlson has
given proof in Globe of possessing the
same ability. Although neither lad
has as yet crashed into national re
pute, both are comers and as well
matched as could be desired.
DANNY KRAMER MATCHED
TUCSON, Nov. 17. wnnny Kramer,
the lad who won Tuesday night from
Ralph Lincoln, will fight again in Tuc
son on December 5. His opponent
will be Paddy Dillon of San Diego, a
youngster, who has been cleaning up
in San Francisco and Neva. The
fight will be the main event on the
first card promoted by Billy McMahon,
mtchmaker for Robert Nicolai, who
has entered the local rrgnt promoting
field. The fights arranged by Nicolai
and McMahon will be staged in the
local armory.
Kramer left for the coast with a
strong liking for Arizona,, in spite of
the peculiarities of fightmg that Lin
coln showed in the fight against him.
Since then McMahon has been trying
by wire to match him with Dillon, but
It was not unit! last night that he re
ceived word from Paddy that he would
cancel a fight in Sacramento to come
to Tucson and meet Kramer.
U. A. TO MEET OCCIDENTAL
UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA, Nov
i. ine Arizona-uccidentai game
scheduled for Thahksgrvmg promises
to be one of the best games ever play
ed on the Varsity field. Arizona has
lost but one game during the whole
season and that to Pomona. If Occi
dental defeats the Pomona Sage Hens
the Varsity-Occidental game wft! de
cide the championship of the south
west. A-l football is predicted for Oc
cldental ranks high on the coast this
year and the Arizona Wildcats sriit re
main one of the most feared team in
the west.
JEROME THANKSGIVING EOUTS
At n meeting of Ihe Verde District
Athletic club. Tom McLeod was
elected secretary and treasurer in
the place of Charles Beninmin. Ben
ismin is at present employed at the
Miller Construction camp on the new
Prescott road and had not the time
to handle the office.
It wss decided thst thn next box
ing show will be held Thnrksgivins
day, if the club can get the opera
house on that date.
There will be four bouts and pos-
(I " 4 -i
V ir '.V! .
I Si"" s-" " .
jfLs.'t. ; - .
Jri Vis: ;
'0 4n VJ ' -hh-
f - t-. '11
clinch every chance he got. That was
one reason 1 didn't stop him any
sooner. The other was a sore right
hand.
I think a lot of that right, though,
from reading the account of the
Bonds fight, you'd think I only had a
left arm.
, I vant to work with some of the
sibly five, and the executive board
has promised that this will be the
classiest show of its kind ever held
in northern Arizona.
JAP SEEKING MATCHES
Says the Tucson Star:
Togo Koriyama,' the "Fighting
Jap," is anxious to pick up a little
money and try hi3 .hand at grabbing
off some glory in Arizona.
Togo has been showing up good
o nthe coast and proving that, al
though he is yellow and admits it, he
is considerable of a fighter.
The following telegram was re
ceived by the sporting editor of The
Daily Star from C. H. O'Connor,
Togo's manager:
"Willing to match Togo Koriyama,
the Fighting Jap, with Gene Delmont
or any lightweight that may be se
lected."
No action has yet been taken in
local fight1 circles on Togo's chal
lenge, but it is expected that the
Nipponese gent will be given a
chance of showing what he can do
before long.
Somebody put n pair of skids
under the University of Arizona re
serves between halves Saturday aft
ernoon, and when Coach Geary's
Phoenix Coyote clan got through
skidding, the desert wolves had
munched the blue jerseyed grid-
ironers to bits and then scattered
the bits to the four corners of tht
field. To be more specific, the Coy
otes, duripg the second half, demon
strated why these players are re
serves, not members of the varsity,
and they accomplished the feat by
a score that read. Phoenix 21, U. of
A. reserves, 7.
There Was Nothing So Good
for Congestion and Colds
as Mustard
But, the old-fashioned mustard
plaster burned and blistered while it
acted. Get the relief and help that
mustard plasters gave, without the
piaster and without the blister.
Musterole does it. It is a clean,
white ointment, made with oil of mus
tard. It is scientifically prepared, so
that it works wonders, and yet does
Dot blister the tenderest skin.
Gently massage Musterole in with the
finger-tips. See how quickly it brings re
lief how speedily the pain disappears:
Use Musterole for sore throat, bron
chitis, tonsilitis, croup, stiff neck,
asthma, neuralgia, headache, conges
tion, pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago,
pains and aches of the back or joints,
sprains, sore muscles, bruises, chil
blains, frosted feet, colds of the chest
(it often prevents pneumonia).
30c and 60c jars; hospital size $2.50.
(ORE THROAT
or Tonsilitis, gargle
WW with warm salt
water, then aoDlv
VicffsV
ICR'S VAPORU
"YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f. 60'. i 20
GRAND!
HER
KNEW
old timers and learn the things they
picked up long ago. I am in no hurry
and I know it is going to be some time
before I will beat the best of them.
But I'm sure the day is coming when
I'll step into the ring and box for the
highest honors in the game.
(The End.)
CALDWELL HERE
FIR BUTTLE ON
NEXT FRIDAY
If there was any doubt in the
minds of Warren district fight fans
concerning the general excellence of
tho program to be presented by the
Bisbee Athletic club at the Grand thea
ter on. Friday evening, it was dispelled
yesterday by two happenings. The
first was the arrival in BisDee of Wal
ter Caldwell, who fights Fred (Kid)
George in the main event, and the see
on was the announcement by Manager
O. S. French that five battles will be
staged on that evening.
Caldwell is all to the merry. Slim
limbed, deep-chested, broad shoulder
ed, with every appearance of being in
the best physical condition, he was a
revelation to those who watched hiin
begin training yesteroay afternoon.
He went through an hour's work at
the Knights of Columbus hall with
scarcely any exertion jumping rope,
wrestling and bag-puncaing. He is a
past master at the art of bag-punching
and his exhibition yesterday was
worth the price of admission to the
ordinary show. He arrived here Sun
day night with his brother, Burlin
Caldwell, who will have charge of his
training.
He and Kid George agreed yester
day to a weight of 165 pounds at 3
o'clock of the day of the fight. It is
believed that Caldweii will tip the
scales at about 162 pounds, while
George will weigh from 160 to 162
pounds. George is in as good condi
tion as Caldweii, and fans wno are
acquainted with both boxers are look
ing for by all odds the best scrap
staged here for a year.
Because of an injury to the shoulder
of Al Mauch, the bout oetween him
and Frank Ford has been called off
and its place a battle between Georgie
Burns of Lowell and Kid Bruno of
Douglas will be offered. This will be
an event of as much class as the semi
final, when Bob Collins of the Briggs
shaft and Eddie Hughes or the South
west shaft tangle horns. Another fast
preliminary will be staged by Young
Herrera and Cyclone Shea, two young
huskies who have been uncovered by
Matchmaker Frank Loughrey. The
curtain raiser will be fought by Tiny
Zumsteg, undefeated 55-pound, 9-year-old
champion of southern Arizo
na, Hermosillo and Douglas, and the
challenger for the title. Bob Rawley,
also 55 pounds and 9 years or age.
Both of these are in training, with
bets heavy that Tiny may not be able
to hit as hard, but that he can duck
twice as fast. In addition a jazz or
chestra will be in attendance with all
the latest music, aud with Band
Leader McRae of the American Legion
in charge of the musicians. Those who
joined in singing "Bubbles" at the
last card of the Bisbee Athletic club
can testify to the worth of a jazz band
at a prize fight.
'Tickfttg ?r t! prosum have been
1 SPORT TIPS OF tDCAL FIELD
As Danny Kramer has been
matched for jv main event in Tuc
son on December R, it is not possible
to secure hiui for the December 9
boxing show her.-, owing to ihe dales
being so clone together. Efforts are
now being made to match him with
Ralph Lincoln for a ten-round Christ
mas attraction. Lincoln has a large
following of local fans who are anx
ious to see him vindicate himself of
the chaise or fouling in his Tucson
bout with Kramer.
Bisbee fans may soon have an op
portunity of seeing Babe Ruth, the
famous Red Sox slugger and pitcher,
in a public appearance here. Ruth
is a close friend of Frank Loughrey,
the local welter, for whom he acted
as second in several bouts in the
east. Ruth is now playing exhibition
baseball in California, and Loughrey
has written him asking him to come
to Bisbee and act as referee in .some
future boxing m?tch.
Two fast preliminaries for the
Caldwell-George bout Friday night
were signed up yesterday. Battling
Herrera and Cyclone Shea were f
matcned for a four-rouud go at 122,'
pounds. Matchmaker Loughrey, after
seeing both boys work out, an
nounces that this bout will be a hum-
m fr f mm tnrt tr fintoh T-i.l nr
of Douglas was matched to meet Kid
Burns of this city. Burns knocked
out Kid Hartman in one round on
Armistice day here. Bruno has
placed on sale at French's Annex,
Main street; Wallace's cigar store,
Main street; Tammany Hall, Brewery
Gulch; Seeleys Cigar Store, Lowell;
Boyd's Drug Store, Tombstone, and
Ames' Cigar Store, Douglas. ,
BIG BOXING CARNIVAL
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF BISBEE
ATHLETIC CLUB
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Friday Evening,Nov. 21, 8:30 P. M.
BISBEE, ARIZONA
it.
v,
-i.
A
f . ' ' 7 , '
r
' - -- , - - ': -.- f
MAIN EVENT 10 ROUNDS 10
FRED (Kid) GEORGE
.Of San Francisco
VS.
WALTER CALDWELL
Of Albuquerque, N. M.
Weigh in 160 Pounds
SEMI-FINAL, 6 ROUNDS 6
BOB COLLINS OF Briggs' Shaft
VS.
EDDIE HUGHES, Southwest Shaft
Two Good Preliminaries These alone are well worth
the Price of Admission
Ringside,' $3, Reserve,. $2, General Admission, $1.50
never been knocked out, and carries
a wicked left, with which he has put
several promising boys away in
Douglas. They win meet tit 12S
pounds.
Stove Dalton ;md Kid Palmar, or
Frank Lough ry :md Kid Palmer, are
being talked of j,s the main event
for the December 9 card.
Walier Caldwell's stocl' has gone
up considerably here since his
snappy workout yesterday afternoon.
Though impressed by the fast New
Mexico scrapper, Kid George's bis
local following will remain confident
that he will be returned victor next
Friday evening.
Kid Palmer and Kid Herman of
San Francisco will probably be the
attraction at Douglas on Thanksgiv
ing day.
Word was received in Bisbee yes
terday that Frenchie Dosiiiairas has
returned from Denr and is match
ed to meet Happy Woods in Tucson
on Thanksgiving day.
McCourt Wins First
Game of Tournament
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 17.
Charles McCourt of Cleveland de
feated JebS Lean of Cincinnati. 5C
to 4o, in the first game of the three
cushion billiard championship tour
nament today. Tno game went 54
innings. MrCourt's high run was
eight.
Tiff Denton of Kansas City won
from Clarence Jackson of Detroit, ;.i
to 3S in 64 innings.
T
: '-7
" 1
: j
.H it 0
hi r-iti iin in r mi trs '- -:, mirii mni PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAIEY REVIEW
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919
! Mming and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
Westinghouse 541
NEW YORK COPPEKS
Anaconda
Butte ZZ.
Chino 41
Chili
Inspiration 1
Kenneeott
ti5 Vis
23
-.7 '
Ou '8
30T'8
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. The stock
market was in process of further li
qnuidation during the early and inter
mediate periods of today's session,
but the readjustment, both as to scope
and volume of operations was com
paratively moderate.
Selling tor both accounts continued Miami 26
intermittently, a considerably percen-1 Nevada 19
tage of the offerings, according to! Old Dominion
commission houses, representing the j Ray Con
further settlement of over-extended Shattuck 1974
bull holdings at interior centers. j Utah w
Call loans opened and were renew-! BOSTON COPPERS
ed at 12 per cent, that rate being the j Arc
fixed quotations until the final hour Arizona Coml . 143
wnen muiiej was wt-nj unnu ai j
39
22
Allouez as
Calumet and Arizona 69
C. and H v 400
Copper Range 43
per cent. Time money was quotably
unchanged. The shorts based much of
their early selling on the market, the
naw low rate for sterling exchange, rjalv West
the coal conference and the famous oil Davis Dab-
land case in California which was de- j Eagt jJutte Z
cided against the routsern racific prank
1
company. Granby ...
Recent spectacular features in the Hancock .
motors, oils, steel and equipment Hiv
groups, registered extreme losses ot 3 . Keenenaw
to 15 points. Crucible Steel, Mexican Lake
Petroleum and General Motors being JIav olu ColoDy ' """ 1yi
the foremost features, but the latter lohawk 63Vz
led the general rally of the last hour North Butte .. io.
with a gain of Dte points, saies 1,- Nip
100,000 shares. (New Cornelia
HE'S NO LONGER A HERO
r
L
XT I
"i - s
aV4 i
12
62
1
Bonds were easier, but not material- Osceola s
ly changed except for a sharp drop In pon(i Crek
Southern Tacific convertibles. Total1 QUjncy
sales, par value, $13,475,000. Old Roy '
United States bonds were unchanged Shannon
on call. j Trinity
j Utah Con
MINERAL. MAKKfci 1 Ventura
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. Copper
NEW YORK CURBS
quiet; spot 20U 20i ; lead easier; jAmn Royalty .
spot 6.65ff6.S5; zinc, easy; spot East lArltex
St. Louis delivery, 7.858.00 bar sil-jnjg Ledge
ver, $1.253i- (Con Copper ...
Cresson Gold .
THE COTTON MARKET Denn
NEW YORK. Nov. 17 Cotton clos- Dundee
11 ?4
22
53
26
65
33U
2
1
0'.
17V4
1
'8
nv. v., .V ' . .'1. a. - t 1. i
5 - V
f
4 rh'
BEULi.N von titndenDitrg no lcnger is a hero. They're breaking up
the huge statue of the war lord erected at the beginning of the war. The
photo shows the head already removed.
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden
' j Green Monster
' 1 T-W 1
XUXIUV
4
2
414
44
ed steady at 35.4S, at a ne. advance of Gadsden
20 to 90 roints. ! Hecla ...
Howe Sound
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker 1 Hull Copper 33
Closing Quotations November 17, 1919 Jerome Verde 9-16
NEW YORK STOCKS j Kay Copper :
American Can -- 54 Magma. Copper
American Car 134 , Magma Chief
American Beet 93V&
American Sugar 138
American Smelters G9Ti
Associated Oil 1 '15
Allis Chilmers 43
Baldwin Locomotive : 107
Bethlehem Steel
Miami
NiglU Hawk
Ray Here
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
OILS
Baltimore and Ohio
Canadian Pacific
Cerio -v - -
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
C. and O - -
Dutch
96 Cosden
39 (Island
14S jMid West Rfg
til'i jsapulpa
9S ; Homer Union
42
.47
10
6
42
2
30
7 '4
167
187
Bid
...1.75
.. 25
.. 50
.. 50
Jerome Verde
Magma Chief 37
Wolv Arizona 2.S7
Verde Combination 37
Night Hawk 5.25
Kay Copper 1.50
North Tigre Leas
Con Copper Mines .. s.iz
Ask
2.00
37
75
55
47
3.25
50
5.50
1.60
25
t.6(
Business Locals
ing District, bears N. 0 3G' W.
4G14.9 feet; thence S. 38s 04' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 45 35' W.' 600.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 38 12' W. 1499.6
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 45
35' E. 603.6 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place f beginning. Containing
total area of 20.596 acres; expressly
excluding area In conflict with Sur
vey No. 1803, "CLIMAX" lode, oi
0.473 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on the claim is from the
east end center N. S8 04' 1500.0
feet.
"UNION"
Beginning at Corner ivo. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 13 20' 30" E.
3471.8 feet; thence S. 34" 29' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 45 35' W. 603.6 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 34 21' W. 1500.6
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 45'
35' E. COO.O feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
a net area ot 20.412 acres.. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the west end center S.
34 29' E. 1500.0 feet.
"ELK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. ill. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 3 33' 30" E.
5?.77.9 feet: thence S. 65 13' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; -thence
S. 24 45' W. 600.0 feet to Corner
No. ?,; thence N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24'
45' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.661 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey
of 4.336 acres; also area in conflict
wi!h "CENTURY" lode. Survey No.
2553, exclusive of its conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode pf this survey,
3.216 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from the
east end center N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet.
The location notices of said claims
upon which this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Ari
zona, as follows:
"HORSE SHOE", Book 14, Records
of Mines, page 500,
"UNION", Book 15, Records of
Mines, pagea 101-10?,
"ELK", Book 50, Records of Mines,
pages 744-745.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the Eat-t "CLIMAX" lode,
Survey No. 1803, Bisbee Townsite
Survey, and "CENTURY" lode. Sur
vey No. 2553; on the South "CEN
TURY" lode. Survey No. 2553; on
the West "EQUINOXIAL" lode, un
surveyed, owned by H. Finotti.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
Herjptcici
e
ary bays:
Negled
Of the Hair
Fills the Comb
and Brush.
Don't Feglec
Your Hair
Use
NEWBRO'S
HERPICIDE
Sotd Everywhere
Applications at Barber Skopa
Special Agents Phelpd-Dodge Mercan
tile Company.
Orders taken for masquerade suits
for Country club dance, at McDonald's
Marincllo Shop. Phone 305. 1468 11-21
- . ' ' I. . . Will L 11 1 .J W. LI, J, 111 V 11I1V1V. I 1
signed, will hot be responsible for
any contracts made by Eva Nyholm.
1514-11-19
OIL STOCKS
Bid
x.iO
UP4
Southwestern Dev
17-16
2
1?4
rU4 Regular :
103 First
General Motors 317 Second
Great Northern pfd 85 First option ...
Great Northern Ore 40 Second option ! 7
Goodrich "Rubber 81fc Ocean 1.75
Industrial Alcohol 109 ' Ranger Central 2.50
3.25
1.75
2.30
1.50
International Nickel
Maxwell Motors
25 Weimar, asked .35 j
LIBERTY BONDS
103g . 4's
203 1 j 3i4-s
75 i First 4's
77 Second 4's
Marine 53 s-s $ 90.32
Marine pfd -
Mexican Petroleum .'.
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas -
Pennsylvania
Pierce Arrow
Pan American
Reading
99.28
100.30
.. 94.70
92.60
9V8 First 4,4's 94.00
5 I GRAIN AND COTTON
3 December corn ...$1.30'l
67 December oats T2a
iMV January cotton 35.4S
Big 4
Duke or Dublin
Comanche Home ,
Comanche County
El Paso Ranger
El Paso Buikburnett .
Jaggers Wallace
King 8
Ocean .....
Ranger Central
Ranger Burk
Silver Cycle
Texas Crude
Weimar
Homer Union
U. S. Oil
Bisbee-Texas ,
Southwestern Dev
First issue 2.00
Second Issue 175
First option
Second option
Stock (no option)
1.S7
Ask
1.55
.75
1.25
1.10
.65
T.O0
1.00
4.25
1.90
2.50
1.65
.83
.40
1.25
2.00
.10
1.00
.70
.50
1.50
DEALING MONTE TO INDIANS
RESULTS IN FINE OF $50
ATTENTION KNIGHTS OF
PYTHIAS
, All knights in the district are urgent
ly requested to be present at regular
meeting Tuesday evening; work in
first rank.
H. II. WARBURTON, C. C.
154S-Nov. IS
f. n 1 '
-78 j
Republic Stetl lOSVfe COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers ' one of th
WANTED Boys to sell papers on the
streets. Lots of boys are making
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours selling The
Bisbee Daily Review. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
OctoLer 17, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that
Mary Brown, of Stark, Arizona, who,
on May 10, 1917, made Homestead En
try No. 031502, for NW14, Section 4,
Towrfship 24-S, Range 23-E, G. & S. R.
B. .& Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make Three-Year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de-
FLAGSTAFF, Nov. 17 Jesus Es- scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
pino, dealing monte for a bunch of j Commissioner, at Bisbee Arizona, on
Navajo Indians in Chin Chun Chan's j ie 29th day of November, 1919.
dance hall, cot into a snuabble with Claimant names as witnesses:
ft"
ft.
S B. A
mx '
1 s s
7
Rubber v
St. Paul
Southern Pacific" ....
Sinclair Con
SUuk-baker -
T"x;'.s Pacific
.Texas Oil
Union Pacific
United S'ates Steel
U. S. Food
Willys
120 Vt !
44 k Big Jim
iv)3t4 Gold Ore ...
524 Reed Dust
11414 Gold Cliff .
48V Lucky Boy
203 Sunnyside .
131 Telluride ...
103 Tom Reed .
f"74 United Easl
31 Red Lion ...
Bid
6
2
9
1
, TS
20
1.62
4.05
e younger bucks, who put
Ask I Chief of Police R. L. Neill wise to
.... what wa; going on. The latter brought j
Homer R. Fike of Stark, Arizona.
Robert Arborn of Bisbee, Arizona.
Cormal M. Coins and John Harrison,
Esnino hofoi e Pnlico Tiisiir-(. s t. ifjii-1 Doin or Stark, Arizona.
.... jliland, who fined lnm ?50. F.spino j J. L. IRVIN, Register.
12 I claimed he was broke, whereupon he 10-24-19
... ..... 1
o 1 was locked up in tne city jalt. in!
10 about ten minutes he nianagea to rind !
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent
.... $25 in his pockets and upon paying it j Mineral Survey No. 3494
1.68 j toward his fine and agreeing to pay tlie-J Serial No. 042740.
4.10 ' balance in weekly installments, was j United States Land Office, Phot
20 allowed to roam.
nix, Arizona, Seo. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, who3Cj
post-office address 13 Bisbee. Arizona,!
has made application for patent for
the following named lode- mining ,
claims, situate in the Warren Miu-'
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona: J
"HORSE SHOE"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min-1
1 rft-.
,"Sr-
1 K'tfMf3 .
WJV lkV-3y-.1 (I .- .
! TlMSlt
RU-BER-OID
MALTHOID '
READY ROOFINGS
Built-in Quality
The only way to know the quality of
ready roofing is to put it on your house,
barn, or other building and wait for two or
three years. You can't tell the good from the
poor merely by looking at it or feeling of it.
It is the hidden qualities that count. Ready
roofing must be carefulpy made from the best
materials if it is to stand the test of time and
weather.
Ru-ber-oid and Malthoid have attained
thejr position as the standard of ready roof
ing because quality has been built into them.
The Paraffine Companies, Inc., with their
complete organization, scour the world for
the best materials. We make our own felt
from carefully selected rags. We maintain
our own refineries in order to get the highest
grade of asphalt and similar products. The
manufacture of Ru-ber-oid and Malthoid is
carried on if om beginning to end within the
one organization.
No effort' or cost is spared in manufacturing
Ru-bcr-oid and Malthoid. Experts constantly sup
ervise every process. Tests are made continually
to see that all material is kept up to the Ivlgh
standard which has been set.
As" a result, Ru-ber-cid and Malthoid have those
hidden qualities which give them an exceptionally
long life. They will not dry out or rot. They ara
the best quality roofings that can be made. If
painted regularly, they will last for years.
When you think of building, remember Iva-bcr-oid
and Malthoid.
THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES, INC.
San Francisco
' j V PABCO L
1 nimicTi
BACH THE STANBAiRiLD OF UTS' KMC)
Building Papers 8
Waterproofing
Materials
Wall-Board
Floor Covering
Industrial Paints
Box Board
Paper Boxes
Fibre Containers
SERVICE
oilers jou I he opportunity of invest ing with pi atic;illy no chance ot liKsing.
DO YOU KNOW that they li:e over 5')'i iitre htalteied Ih outiiout the hest liclds ot Louisiana and Texas, and with over
t'O notes or HURK-SlfOT-WKALTIIV
DO YOU KNOW that the lucn bilk ol tiii CompiLiy are the .sainu imti who are back of OCEAN, B.ANULR CENTRAL and
HOMfMl UNION?
DO YOU KNOW tiuit K;sle: ii bi ol-.i-r ? a;-o t l;i moi iim lor thin; slock as never before?
DO YOU KNOW that this company i. only fiit:;tlizel at $l.ttin,t).!, par alue fl.OO?
DO YOU KNOW that IIOMi:iI UNION fiohl ten day;-, a-o at pur $1.00 and today it's felling around $2.00?
IF YOU KNOW tli.-ic facts you will not hesitate to wire in jour order to us at once.
ANNING. & COMPANY
M
002 Mat tin Blii'j.
Licensed Bickers
deference LI P.so D.ink & Trust Co. Member Ei Paso Stock 'Exchange.
El Paso, Texas
i
. i
1- 1 - rmT'i "1 1 n mni ni mil ' A i mii.'uZ m,i ," mT i in i I i TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE NINE
x
.
j
. i
i
i
I
1
3
i
i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this rtead are
cents. No ads will be received later
Ihe telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE Overland car No. 85B;
good condition. Red's Auto Laun
dry. Phone 437. 1538-Nov. 23
FOR SALE 4-room house, 304 Hal
ard street. Warren. 1537-Nov 23
FOR SALE Winchester pump gun, 12
G. A-l condition. 919 Cochise row. J.
C. Delazier. 1540-Nov. 20
FOR SALE Five doe rabbits and one
buck. Call after 5 p. m., R. Mayne,
11 Tombstone Canyon. 1344-Nov.19
FOR LSALE Modern cottage, four
roonio, enclosed sleeping porch.
Phone Red 516. 1542-Nov. 23
FOR SALE Improved ranch, good
grass land; shallow water; bargain
if taken at once; leaving for east;
must sell. See owner .room 7, Gol
den hotel. 1543-Nov. 21
FOR SALE Four new 30x3ia Good
year non-skid tires. A. B. Bell, at
Gilman's Lowell store. 1546-Nov 23
FOR SALE Plymouth hotel, cheap if
taken at once. Brewery tsurcn.
1547-Nov. 23
FOR SALE Shoe repairing depart
ment, Goodyear repair outfit, at a
bargain; too much other business;
not able to attencr to same. Waters
& Son, Brewery ave. 14S4-11-17
FURNITURE for hotel and restaurant
for sale, with privilege of renting
hotel, Naco Arizona, next to immi
gration office, Naco. 1483-11-22
FOR SALE One seven Overland,
first-class shape; red seal Conti
nental motor; new tires all round,
at a bargain. First house across
bridge, Winwood addition.
1475-11-21
FOR SALE OR RENT Horse and
wagon cheap., Arizona Wrecking
Co., Lowell. 1473-11-20
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALE High powered seven-passenger
car, siv-cylinders; cost SZCOO,
in pood condition; will sell cheap.
Address Box 107, Naco, Arizona.
1434-11-18
FOlf SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe!ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1265-tf
FOR SALE V4-hors6 power, 60 eye'e,
J20 volt indu-tion motor. Bisbee
Daily Review. 209-8-24-ttt
FOR SALE One second hand -ton
Willys utility truck, in very good
mechanical order; good body, rea
sonable price. Slag Dump Garage.
160-tf-22
FOR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
689-Stf-17
FOR RALE Three-room house ni 03
Quality hill; terms. Also gas range
and office desk. Phone Red 870 or
61. 1450-Nov.l9
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR until you
see us. We buy them running or
wrecked. Highest prices paid for
metals, rubber, sacks, hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co.,
Lowell. Ariz. Phone 446. 1474-tf
FOR SALE Furniture for 14 rooms;
rooms all occupied. Inquire Miners'
Hotel, Brewery Gulch. 1509-11-23
FOR SALE Pony. Phone Red 516.
1520-11-23
FOR SALE Household furniture for
four rooms, with privilege of rent
ing. 12 Quality hill. Box 703 Bis
bee. 1523-11-19
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Goow, reliable girl to care
lor baby in afternoon occasionally.
Mrs. Glenn Allen, Quality Hill.
1536-Nov. 19
WANTED Girl for general house
work, phone 493. 1552-tf
WANTED A girl to do housework.
Phone 268. 1553-Nov. 20
WAITRESS WANTED Apply Castle
Rock Dining Room. Mrs. J. J. Muir
head, Upper Main 'St. 1521-11-19
LOST
LOST Child muff between Warren
and Bisbee; return to Review; re
ward. 1550-Nov. 20
Wanted
WANTED General Mouse work by
experienced cook.' rjione 492.
1489 11 18
WANTED A small furnished house
in 'Warren. See Fred Btnnct. P. D.
store. Warren. 1488-11-17
WANTED I'ontrac I drift or shaft
work, by two A-l miners. Phone
367. 14611121
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Pautiymau. Copier Quceu
hotel. 127a-(i
athe rate of 1 cent per word for each Insertion, with a minimum charge of 25
than 7 p. m., for insertion the next morning and no ads will be taken over
For Rent
FOR RUNT Seven rooms for house
keeping; may be rented in three
apartments, or together. 12 Jigger
ville. 1527-Nov.l9
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 162 Temby Ave. 1524-11-23
FOR RENT Six-room unrurnlsHed
house, Navajo Trail. Call about
4:30 or 5 in the evening. J. Brooks.
1519-11-18
FOR RENT Three-room house, 41
Laundry hill. 1518-11-19
FOR RENT Two- and three-room
houses, furnished. Mrs. Winwood,
Winwood addition. 1486-11-22
FOR RENT Cabin for batching, 176
Naco road, Holbrook stop. 1485-11-17
FOR RENT Beautirully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St.,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Unfurnished nine-room
house, Vista street, Warren. Will
lease to June 1st. 1506-11-19
FOR RENT Nice, sunny room, with
bath and heat, in private family;
suitable for one or two ladies. 22
Oak street, Mason hill. Phone 614.
1507-Nov.l6-tf
FOR RENT One nice, large front
bedroom, in private family. Apply
10S School hill. '1508-11-18
FOR RENT Three rooms, light and
water furnished, 18.. 22 Bakerville.
1512-1119
FOR RENT One room on Quality
Hill, top of stairway by new Bap
tist church. Call after 4 o'clock.
1555-Nov. 20
FOR RENT 3 housekeeping rooms,
nicely furnished; rent $15; W.
Brown, 102 Highroad. 1533-Nov. 19
FOR RENT 4-room furnished house,
South Bisbee. Apply Lake, Spokane
boarding house. 1539-Nov 20
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeep
ing rooms; no children. 218 High
road. Anna Murphy, School Hill.
1535-Nov; 23
FOR RENT One room reasonable.
169 Temby avenue. 1541-Nov. 23
FOR RENT Clean, comfortable home
ly 3-room apartments; desirable par
ties only. Rex Arms apts., O. K.
street, one block from depot.
1545-Nov. 23
FOR RENT Garage. Apply D. Play
fair, 98 Mason Hill. Phone 897.
1549-11-18-tf
Miscellaneous
HOME IDEAL Six rooms, modern
complete; enclosed sleeping pores;
large garage with extra room; large
lot, beautiful shrubbery, convenient
to car; choice neighborhood. In
quire premises. Joh Foster, Hoaton
ave., Warren, Ariz. -n4-Nov 23
'
THK FAMOUS SPENCER SURGICAL
SUPPORT A representative of the
famous Spencer Surgical and Ab
dominal supports for hernia, rup
ture, floating kidney, and ptosis Tor
men or women; also the Spencer
dress corset; all supports anr cor
sets fitted by Mrs. D. Marion Knox,
representative, 11 Superior Hill.
Telephone 778. 1251-11-27
LEARN actual auto repair; vulcaniz
ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School. , 1554-Nov. IS
WARREN CLEANERS. Phone 226.
ANYONE knowing the whereabouts
of Bill Swyers, better Known as
"Si," please communicate with Rob
ert Horsier, Patagonia. 1470-11-20
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
well and feel well. All corsets fit
ted by ines Warburton. 1'rice, ?2.50
up. Next to Arizona Grocery store.
1239-11-18
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wrecked or
running; also Junk ot an Kinas. uia
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tt
MATERNITY HOME. Mason MIL
Consult your physician, and call 573
Black, for terms, ec. i7-ll-28
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
XL S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona,
October 31, 1919.
.Notice U hereby given that Hugh K.
Fletcher, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on January 23. 1915. made Home
stead Entry No. 026598 for KNBU
SWUNEVi. NVsSE'iNEU. SE1-4NE
1-4NK1-4. Sec. 11. S'sNW-iNWV4. N
VSWNW'm. NEUNW4. NViSKl-4
NWl-4. V',iXWl-4KV'4KliV4, SWV4
NVV'iNE', NWV'SWldNEU. Section
12. Township 23-S. Ransc rO-E, G. &
S. R B & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three year Proof,
to establish claim to thp land above
described, before. Jared 1). Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at iBsbee, Arizona,
on the 12th day of December. 1919.
Claimant names at witnesses:
Henrv Maene, of Carers, Ariz.
I John Dinwid'lie, of Garces, Ariz.
J Peter llaverty. of Garces. Ariz.
Clia'Ufc R. P.ircrniHn. or Hereford,
Ariz. J. L. mviN.
!ll-S-19 2Ct , Register.
Wanted
WANTED A second-hand squirrel
cage, in good condition. Box 885.
1532-Nov. 19
WANT Day's work. Phone 651.
1551-Nov. 23
WANTED Boarders and roomers in
private house, back of Methodist
church. i;Ml-lS
WANTED In Warren, two or three
furnished housekeeping rooms, or
house, by couple. See Cashier, P.
D. store, Warren. 1515-11-19
WANTED Room in Warren, with
private family; bath accommoda
tions; garage if possIDie. Will take
two meals daily if convenient.
Phone 322. 1526-Nov.23
Found
FOUND Two Canadian army service
badges; owner may have same by
identifying same and paying for ad.
.1556-Nov. 23
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
, Sealed proposals will be received
until 2 p. m. November 17, 1919, at the
office of the Board of Supervisors,
Cochise County, Tombstone, Arizona,
for the construction of sections 2A and
2B of the Bisbee-Douglas highway fed
eral project No. 11.
The work consists approximately
83,377 square yards of pavement.
Proposals shall be addressed to
Thos. Maddock, state engineer. Tomb
stone, Arizona, and plainly marked on
the outside of the enverope "State
Highway Contract. Bisbee-Douglas
Highway." ,
Plans and specifications may be
seen at the office of the state engineer
Phoenix, Arizona, or at me office of
the Board of Supervisors of Cochise
county, Tombstone, Arizona, copies of
the plans and specifications may be
obtained on payment or five ($5.00)
dollars to Thos, Maddock, state engi
neer. An unendorsed certified or cashier's
check for 5 per cent of the total
amount of the bid, payable to the state
treasurer of Arizona will be required
with all proposals.
Satisfactory bonds wrlT be required
of the contractor to whom award is
made.
The state engineer reserves the
right to reject any or all bids.
All proposals shall be made on
blanks furnished for that purpose.
Phoenix, Arizona, Oct. 16, 1919.
THOS. MADDOCK, State Engineer.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3493.
Serial No. 042739.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona,. Sept. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode
mining claims, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona:
"WREN"
Beginning at Corner No. l. whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 8 56' E.
7147.4 feet: thence S. 5" 24' W.
G02.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence S
60 38' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
3; thence N. 5 24' E. 602.0 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 60" 3S' E
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing net area
of 17.029 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the east end center S. 60" 38'
W. 1500.0 feet.
"BLUE BIRD"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. whence
(the corner of Sections 5. 6, 7 and 8.
Township 23 South. Range 24 East,
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 65" 33' E.
915.9 feet, and) U. S. I.I...M. No. 1725.
Warren Mining District, bears N. 1
52' W. 6348.8 feet; thence S. 5 24'
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 61" 26' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence X. 5 24' E. 602.0 feet
to Corner No. 4; thence N. 61 30'
E. 1498.9 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a ne
area of 17.165 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the east end center S. 61 26'
W. 1500.0 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which thi3 application is based,
is recorded In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, as
follows:
"WREN", Book 50. Records of
Mines, pagea 745, 710,
"BLUE BIRD", Book 38, Records
of Mines, page 127.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CENTURY" lode,
Survey No 2553, "BISBEE QUEEN"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Rambo; on the South "WINNEBAGO"
lode Suivey No. 3384, "KNICKER
BOCKER" lode, Survey No. 3407,
"SILVER LEAD" lode. Survey No.
3456, and "DIAMOND FRACTION"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W
Rambo. J. L IRVIN.
Register.
CAN TUBERCULOSIS BE CURED7
Dr. Glass has posi
tive proof he is able
to' cure Tuberculosis
by inhalation In aay
climated.
For further Infor
mation address T.
P. GLASS. INHA
LENT CO.. SUITE
512. MASON BLDG..
LOS ANGELES,
CALIFORNIA.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent.
Mineral Survey No. 3576.
Serial No. 042974.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 15, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the following named lode mining
claim, situate in the Warren Mining
District, Cochise County, Arizona:
"REMAINDER"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
the S. E. corner of Section 27, Town
ship 23 South, Range 24 East, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 30 50' 30"
E. 2845.2 feet; thence S. 64 18' W.
352.3 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 86 15' W. 210.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 45 26' W. 918.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 64
18' E. 526.1 feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 45 03' E. 999.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning.
Containing a total area of 11.156
acres; expressly excluding area in
conflict with Survey No. 1392, "MOD
OC" lode of 5.218 acres. The pno-
sumed course of the vein in this
claim is from the east end center
N. 45 03' W. 999.0 feet.
The location notice of said "RE
MAINDER" claim, upen which this
application is based, is recorded in
the office of the County Recorder of
Cochise County, Arizona, in Book 32,
Records of Mines, at page 352.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CONTENTMENT"
lode. Survey No. 1392: on the South
"MARTIN" lode, Survey No. 1872 and
"MASCOT" lode, Survey No. 1743; on
the West "MODOC :ode, Survey No.
1392.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. 9, 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 042965.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
PATENT.
Notice is hereby given that in pur
suance of the United States Minrng
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, Das
made application for patent for 149&.8
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. l
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Blacri
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 1495 lm
ear feet of the Black ' Hawk No. 4
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated in tne
Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field notes on file in tne
office of the Register of the Phoenrx
Land District, State of Arizona, as
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner ro.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B. &
M. brs. S. O. 8 35' E., 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. To.
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E.j G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. fcOO ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' "W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. .3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the J4 Cor. between Sees.
21 -28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M. brs. N. 43 16' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. GOO ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. ,2S 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2S 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the i Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. .62" 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28" 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
COO ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 25' 1
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. l,j
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-2S, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. E.
& M., brs. N. 20 11' E. 21S.6 tt.j
thence N. 2S 55' E.. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 2S 55' 600 ft.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Or. No. 1, the place or be
ginning, containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 2S, in
township 23 South, range 25 East, of
Gila and Salt Itiver Base and Meri
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of trie
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52. page 163; BooX
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, PooK
59, page 45S, and Boo 53, page 4T0,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Buck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed,!
and owned by J. Muheiin.
Any and all persens claiming ad
versely any port 'on of said mines or
surface giound. are required to file
their adverse claims with the Rests
tor of the United States lind Office
nt Phoenix, in the State of Arizona '
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or (hey will be barred
by virtue of tin: provisions ot tne
statute.
J. L IKVIN.
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3490.
Serial No. 042741.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix. Arizona, Sept. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode min
ing claims, situate in the Warren
Mining District, Cochise County, Ari
zona: "MAYDAY"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 38 26' W. 6200.9
feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 1369.3 feet
to corner No. 2; thence S. 22 35'
W. COO.O feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 2235' E. 600.0 feet
to Corner No. 1, the place of begin
ning. Containing a total area of
17.872 acres, expressly excluding the
surface ground only in conflict with
Eisbee Townsite Survey, consisting
of 2.066 acre. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from
east end center N. 48 47' W. 1369.3
feet.
"MISSING LINK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 38 15' W.
5533.2 feet; thence S. 76 37' E.
GOO.O feet the Corner No. 2; thence
S. 22' 35' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 76" 37' W. 600.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 22
35' E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a
total area of 20.405 acres, expressly
excluding the surface ground only in
conflict with Bisbee Townsite Sur
vey, consisting of 5.054 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the north end center
S. 22" 35' W. 1500.0 feet.
"BISBEE"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 33 4S' W.
6512.9 feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 1369.3
feet to Corner No. 2; thence S. 22
35' W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3;
thence N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 22 35' E.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of - beginning. Containing a total
area of 17.872 acres, expressly ex
cluding surface ground only in con
flict with Bisbee Townsite Survey,
consisting of 16.761 acres. The pre
sumed course ot tne vein on the
claim is from the west end center
S. 48 47' E. 1369.3 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
is recoided in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"MAY DAY", 'Book 31, Records of
Mines, page 389,
"MISSING LINK", Book 32, Rec
"BISBEE", Book 54, Records of
Mines, page 21.
Th6 names of the adjoining claims
are: On the South, Bisbee Townsite
Survey and "BRODIE" lode, unsur
veyed, owned by P. Lombard! Estate;
on the West "FRACTION" lode,
unsurveyed, and "BELLE ISLE No.
1" lode, Survey No. 3477.
J. L IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919
Notico is hereby given: That Alma
Clason. whose postoffice address fs
Bisbee, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Mining District, Cochrse
County, Arizona, in Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
G. & S R. B & M described as fol
io ws, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minfng
District, bears N. 20 10' W. 9074.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 37 53' E. 150ff.O
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133,
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisbee Townsite Survey of 1.TI5
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minrng
District, bears N. 3" 49' W. 930&.6
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E. 606.10
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. 3" Begin
ning at Coiner No. 1, the N. W. Coi
nor; whence U. S. M. M. No. 175,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12"
05' W. 9S85.2 fect; thence S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to-Coiner No. 2; thence
S. 24" 25' W. 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75" 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; -thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 f et to Corner No. 1. tan
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 19.SS2 acres, expressly ex
cluding ar;a in conflict with Survey
No. 1S34, Cockney 1 1 III lode, of 0.529
H'lc;-, and with Survey No. S1G6,
Moonlight lode, or 0.0R2 acres.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornei
Ko. 1. th'j N. V. Corner; whence TJ.
S.' M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9S43.8
feet; theme S. 75" 17' E. 150.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' W.
fiOO.O feet to Coiner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500. C feet to Corner No.
4; theme N. -3' 11' E. 600.0 faft to
Comer No. 1, tho place of beginuing,
containing a net area of 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minrng!
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feeti
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' TV.;
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N. !
75s 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to I
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,!
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,'
expressly excluding area in conflrcti
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode o!
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 3166,!
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres. j
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. Tj.
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S., R. Z4 !
E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6 48'
30 W. 10309.5 feet; thence N. 75
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 25
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 20.226 acres, expressfy
excluding area In conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23
S., R. 24 E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence r7.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No..
2; thence N. 31s 55' E. 628.0 feet to !
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75' 17' E.j
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. '
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner "No.!
1, the place of beginning, containing,
a net area of 1S.975 acre3, expressTy ';
excluding area in conflict with Sui-j
vey No. 1881, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE" Beginning at Corner!
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence the
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S.,
R. 24 E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears b.
3 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75"
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 08 06' W. 978.20 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17s 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence b.
75 17' E. GOO.O feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 17' 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Worchestei
iode of 0.120 acres, Survey No. 31C2
Rife lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acre3.
The location notices of these clarms
are recorded in the office qt the
County Recorder, Cochise County
Arizona, as follows:
Almette, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded in Eook 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recorded in Eook 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning star No. 3, recorded m
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord or Mines page S13.
Anita, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 407.
Calvert, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 410.
Tha irunes of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North,
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill loae.
and Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townsite,
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2133, Morning Stat
lode, Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode. Survey No. 3166, Moonlight loae,
and Survey No. 31G2, Buck, Kite,
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1SS1, North" Star
No. 2 lode; on the West, Survey No.
1881 North Star No. 3, North Star tto.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill and
Sh6emakcrs Last Chance lodes. '
, J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Risbee 1 P. M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P. M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia,
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.'
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
ft
Copper Queen Hotel and High-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon dailv. Also $1.'J3 dinner from
5 :3(Xto 7 :30 p. in. Regular Board by the month $15.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker !
Correspondents: Paine, Weber &. Co., Bo6ton, Culuth, Calumet. I
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK !
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERT0N
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOCKS
North Tigre Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG., MAIN STREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
COPPER CITY
Carpenters and Cabinetmakers
4 C's JOB SHOP
Counter, Shelving, Store, Fixtures
and General House Repairs.
LOWELL, Opposite Brophy Garage
MADAM J. REA KEYS
CLARIVOYANT AND CRYSTAL
READER
BORN, NOT MADE
The wise man Investigates, the fool
never does. To which ciuss uo you be
long? So positive am I of my power
to toil the past, present and luture.
and exactly what you wish to kr.ow
that I will make no charge unlesd you
obtain perfect satisfaction and find
me superior to all other clarivoyanls.
The future can be told. Keek und
you ehall find success, harmony,
peace, power and happiness.
Located Dermenenlly next door to
. Lowell Waiting Room. Oflice Uoura
i 9 a. m. to 7 p. m. Office Phone 62.
Residence Phone 621.
i
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car Stsv
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co:
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER 6 STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 604
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
1 Satisfactory.
Let Me Give An Estimate on
Your Work.
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833.
rhone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WOI
jA CLEAN TOOTH NEVER DECAYS
! It pays to have yonr teeth cleaned
every six months. Dr. J. F. Teufert,
Maze BUlg. Modern Painless Methodd
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Lesal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
1 I
f PAGE TEN
HCHE BJSBEE D A I L" Y4 R E y I E je
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1919
WEDDING BELLS
FOR 19 COUPLES
Though June is supposed to he the
banner' month for brides, Cupid does
not seem to be partial to any particu
lar calendar month in Cochise county,
and is starting off the winter season
with a record of 19 marriage licenses
issued in the county last week. The
licenses, as issued from the office of
County Clerk J. E. Jasies in Tomb
stone are as follows :
Claud O. Jordan, age 34, to lived
Clara Marion Brown, 21, both or Court
laud; Rafael Duran, 23, to wed Con
suela Gallardo, 18, both of Lowell;
Charles B. Hoffman, 22. to wed An-
gelita Hernandez, 23. both of Douglas;
H. W. Gaetjens, 23, of Lowell, to wed
Mollie A. Finnegan, 27, of Bisbee; En
rique Loya, 21. to wed Luiza Sandoval,
15, both of Bisbee, consent given; C.
E. Johnson, 43, to wed Lizzie Car
miehael. 40, both of Fort Huachuca;
Forest V. Swimney, 21, to wed Alice
B. Guthrie, 1G, both of Douglas, con
sent given; Geronimo Alvares, 22, to
wed Clementina Moreno, 17, both of
Douglas; John George .ong, 26, to
wed Mary Frances Adams, 32, both of
Willcox; James W. Harper, 21, lo wed
Blanche H. Critchfield, 20, both of
Douglas; Matthew J. Reever, 23, to
wed Katherine N. Moreno, 17, both of
Douglas; Jesus Garbia, 23. to wed An
ita Juarez, 19, both of Pearce; Nol
berto Quintano, 23, to wed Maria So
brano, 60, both of Douglas; Fredly
Gleeson, 33, to wed Rachle M. Mitch
ell, 25. both of Douglas; Manuel Elias.
32, to wed Guadalupe Elias, 24, both of
Douglas; F. A. Peninuni, 21, to wed
Eloisa Ortega, IS, both of Bisbee; A.
Sabora, 25, to wed Mana Moreno, 36,
both of Bisbee; Emmett D. Murphy.
3S. of. Lowell, to wed Dorotry York.
25, of Bisbee; Thomas J. Driseoll. 27,
to 'wsd Filepe Lopez, 2S, both, of Doug
las. v.
BACHELORS IN THE UNITED STATES SENATE ARE DUE
FOR PURSUIT BY FAIR MAIDENS
Bisbevi Celebrates
Over Tucson Defeat
Painting tlv? football used in the
game- between. Bisbee and Tucson in
the colors of Tucson, which went
down to defeat before the local grid
ironers last Saturday, and printing
on it also the score, 4S to 7. the
members of the Bisbee high school
rallied about it .resterday afternoon.
The occasion v,' s the celebration
of the first defeat to have been reg
istered by the Bisbee high school
football team over Jhe Tucson high
school on the Tucson field, and was
preceded by Mlks ;given by Coach
Lawrenson and members of the
team, and selections rendered by the
high school orchestra. After the
celebration the student body held a
dance in the high school gymnasium.
Send us that next Jot or printing
and see what Review Service means
to you. Phone 39. Review.
DR. R.
GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
- ARTIFICIAL. EYES
Opposite Baptist CHurch, Main Street
Phone 156 - Bisbee. Ariz.
tT- ' lightful companion, he is in addition
v x v quite wealthy although a desirable
"catch."
Choice of Hero or Cynic
VJ J&rT rXrtKOJE, rimony? "Tis a different question.
"
f
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. "We are
seven!"
Girls! Take heed Of the fast speed
ing, hunting and fishing seasons, isext
year will be Leap Yfar and competi
tion may then be too stiff. If "Re
memler the Maino," once carried
Americans to victory, why cannot the
taunt 0 "We are seven" work the
same result?
Here are the sev?n United States
senators who have -either sidestepped
the matrimonial not, or been lost in
the shuffle. Every one a bachelor and
every one Oh, very eligible!
Hansome, Faultless
Take Senator Ionald Kenneth Mc
Kellar of Tennessee, for example. No
use of faking the ancient ambition of
marrying a man to reform him Sena
tor McKellar dos not use tobacco,
and the first of July meant nothing to
him Despite his tachelordom he looks
like Bobbie Bums, eloquent singer of
feminine charms.
Senator David. Ignatius Walsh of
Massachusetts well, they call him
"Handsome Dave." And every time a
Boston society reporter needs "copy"
she announces the engagement of
Senator Walsh to some beautiful New
England or Washington girl.
Special Notice
HEMSTITCHING
We have installed in our
Tailor Shop machines for
hemstitching and picot and
are prepared to accept or
ders for this kind of jvork
produced in excellent man
ner. Work done while you
wait.
FRUIT MAN'S
Fashion Shop
Senator Davis Elkins of West Virginia ,
is a war hero and was elected to the
! senate while serving in France. Yet !
he is a bachelor, not to mention being
a bank president of great wealth.
It isn't the fault of nla tailor or
haberdasher that Senator Frank Bos
wortn Brandegee of Connecticut is
still an untamed bachelor. He is ad'
dieted to such brilliant plumage as
nile green and burnt orange tied and
carnation pink, shirts.
Senator Frederick Hale of Maine
may have acquired girl shyness in col
lege at Lrvwrenceville, lair of the "Ten
nessee Shad," "The Uncorked Beef
Rtpak" and "The Triumbhant Fee-
(Head," youthful cynics. But he Is only
4." now. Pluck up coerage, girts!
Kansas City Fails
On the trail of Senator Brise Pen
rose of Pennsylvania, for years not a
girl has yet arrived within gunshot
distance.. Even the United States
mails fail to be of assistance. Re
cently a sweet young thing in Kansas
City, who described herself as a "strik
ing brunette and a perfect 36" wrote
him a note on the advantages of matri
mony. But the senator Is a wary
bachelor.
As a matter or fact, though, none
of them are willing women haters.
Doubtless they are merely hardened
to endure their bachefortlonx
Now altogether! Break the "We
Are Seven! "
These are the . seven bachelor mem
bers of the senate
NOTICE TO THE
PUBLIC
Among our Arizona and New Mexico customers there is evi
dently some misunderstanding regarding the new firm of "Manning
and Company" of El Paso. The party who c?.me here a few months
ago and started the firm of "Manning & Co." is not the Wm. A.
Manning, who w ith J. S. Curtiss, founded the firm of Curtiss
Manning Co. several years ago... Wm. A. Manning in 1913, sold
his interest in the firm of Curtiss-Manning Company to J. S. Curtiss
and moved to New York city six years ago, where he has been
engaged , in the practice of law ever since leaving El Paso
Some of our out-of-town customers have imagined that the
"Manning & Co." operating here had previoucly been in some way
associated with us.' Any relationship between the two firms wsuld
be an impossibility as the firm of "Manning end Co." ha only
been established here ?, few months, while the firm of Curtiss
Manning Co. (Now J. S. Curtiss & Co.) v.ts established about 10
years ago.
The sameness of the names leads us to make thi3 explanation
to the public, and we are doing so merely to advise cur customers
of the facts in the case, and with only best wishes for the new
firm.
J. S. Curtiss & Company
Oldest Brokerage Firm in El Paso, Sheldon Hotel, El Paso, Texas.
October SO. 1919.
ITRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
Then there is the Beau Brummel of
the senate, James Luval Phelan of
California. He dodged the age ques
tion in the congressional directory.
Globe trotter, patron of arts and de-
EASE THE PAINFUL
RHEUMATIC TWINGE
Sloan's Liniment will bring com
forting relief quickly
NEVER breaks faith, Sloan's Lini
ment doesn't. Just penetrates
without rubbing and eases the
external pain and ache, rheumatic
twinges, lumbago, neuralgia, sciatica,
lame, sore, strained muscles, bruises,
6prains.
For 38 years it has gone ahead win
ning new friends, holding old ones,
strengthening its reputation a3 the
World's Liniment. Clean, effective in
relieving the aches and pains of men
and women, this old family standby
can be relied upon to do its work
promptly and surely Don't be without
a bottle another day keep it handy.
& All Druggists 35c, 70c., $1.40.
!" -r"i : 'V'.'
i'l f.lil .; ..: ,. ,
1 ill:
!:!!', It,'-
,.Hj,!'
a:
''I." -ill 1 I 7v
farettes made to
meet your taste!
Qamels are offered you as a cigarette' entirely
out of the ordinary a flavor and smoothness
never before attained. To best realize their qual
ity compare Camels with any cigarette in
the world at any price!.
Camels flavor is so refreshing, so enticing, it will
win you at once it is so new and unusual. That's
what Camels expert blend of choice Turkish and
choice Domestic tobacco gives you! . You'll prefer
this blend to either kind of tobacco smoked straight!
As you smoke Camels, you'll note absence of
any unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or any un
pleasant cigaretty odor. And, you'll be d&ighted
to discover that you can smoke Camels liberally
without tiring your taste!
Take Camels at any angle they surely supply
cigarette contentment beyond anything you ever
experienced. They're a cigarette revelation!
You do not miss coupons, premiums or gifts.
You'll prefer Camels quality!
Cmmmlm are old vrywhn in mcantificmlly tamlmd pack
age of 30 citmrattma or fen packages 200 cigantinm) In a
glaBinapapr-covarBd carton. We strongly ncommand
thia carton fort ho homeorofficoauppJyorwhonyou travL
R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO., Win.ton-Salem, N. C.
cause damage
and loss of life
OFFICIAL statistics show that
10 per cent, of all cars meet
with accidents every year.
Some person is killed or injured
in four out of five of these accidents.
Records kept by state officials
further show that 10 per cent, of all
automobile accidents could be abso
lutely prevented if the brakes had
been efficient and properly handled.
Make sure of the brakes
on YOUR car
It is easy to assume that your
brakes are efficient. They are out
of sight, and you seldom think of
them until you really need them.
Make sure that your automobile
is safe for riding. Have your garage
man inspect the brakes. When the
big emergency comes, you can feel
certain that they will not fail. Brake
inspection does not necessarily mean
new brake lining. '
. Why Thermoid Brake Lining is
safest and wears longest
In each square inch of.
Thermoid Brake Lining
there is 40b more ma
terial than in ordinary
woven lining. This ad-
Ordinary woven lining
Notice tht loosely woven texture.
Wean down quickly and unevenly,
foses its gripping power as it wears.
.SPEED
PER HOUR
10 miles
15 miles Sk
JOrai'tS'
35DiJesgS
Mia . " '
your car do this ?
9.2 f r:
20.6 (II
37 f r:
58 ft:
'83.3 frr
lis ftr
50 miles
148 frr
231 frr
flag
This chart ha been worked out by leading automobile engineers.
It shows how quickly an automobile going at various speeds
should be able to stop, providing the brakes are efficient.
ditional body gives a closer Texture, which
is made tight and compact by hydraulic
compression under 2,000 pounds pres
sure. In addition to this, Thermoid is
Grapnalized, an exclusive process in
manufacture ' which enables it to resist
moisture, oil and gasoline.
. '
The engineers and manufacturers of 50
of the leading passenger cars and trucks
have standardized on Thermoid Hydraulic
Compressed Brake Lining. &
Have your brakes inspected today. Re- ,
member that every foot , of Thermoid is
backed by Our Guarantee: Thermoid will
make good or WE WILL.
Thermoid Rubber Compam
Factory and Main Office, Trenton, N. J.
New York
Detroit
Pittaburih
London
Chicago
Lo Angclea
Botton
Pari
San Franciaco
, Philadelphia
Cleveland
Turin
CANADIAN DISTRIBUTORS!
The Canadian Fairbanka-Morae Co., Limited.
, Montreal.
Branchex in alt principal Canadian citiaa
Thermoid Hydraulic Com
pressed Brake Lining
Notice tht compact texture. Wears
down slowly. Gives uniform grip
ping surface until worn wafer thin.
frermoici Brake Lining
Hydraulic Compressed
Makers of "Thermoid Hardy Universal Joints" and "Thermoid Crolide Compound Tires1
r
f
i
: 'i J,;' iiijwilli-Vii!!:-:,. ; y- ', '
,,i:!,:;i.!li;,iii-':'.lll!Hiri;'li;,;,;..ii:1:i
iA.iiU-Jl'',''''iiiJi'-iiiU-.i.