-Car rf
WEATHER
Sand ay cloudy, snow
north, probably rain
omh central portion.
(CO
COPPER PRICE
Copper Week ending
Feb. 19. M. & E, Jour
nal, quotation. 15 C3.
ft 1 I a
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
jv.
VOL. 21, NO. 246.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mm
n
l 14
Plc'pu Ton (H
AT
A A 1L
LP
AV
pes PAYS
TRIBUTE TO
General Pershing, Admiral
Benson, Ambassador Sharp
and Hoover are Speakers at
American Club Luncheon
Europe Food Situation Criti
cal, but Not Desperate, De
clares Hoover; Army Head
Expresses Thanks to People
PARIS. Feb. 22. (By the Associat
ed Press.) General Pershing, Herbert
Hoover. ' Ambassador Sharp and Ad-,
miral William S. Benson were speak
ers today at the annual luncneon in1,
honor of Washington's birthday, given,
by the American club of Paris at the!
Palais d.Orsay. i
Responding to the toast to the)
American army. General Pershins ex
pressed his thanks to the American
people for the support they had given :
to the expeditionary forces. j
"Whether keeping lonely vigil in
the trenches, whether attacking ma-'
chine gun nests or performing the;
MEM I
drudgery of the rear or sut plying the , my Review 1eased
front line, each man ha: done his WASHINGTON, Feb. 22. The con
duty." said General Pershing, -and ference report on the oil. gas and coal
te has telt that he had behind him the iana leasing legislation was overturn
support Of the whole country. By his e m tQe senate tonight, a point oi
courage, indomitable will, his splendi : order by. Senator La Follette of Wis
organization and tenacity, the Ameri- consin being sustained, which caused
can soldier has turned impending de- the bill to be sent back to confer
feat into overwhelming victory. I drink ence. Senator - Kirby of Arkansas,
to the American soldier, than whom democrat, temporarily presiding, made
there is no better in the world today. . the decision.
.Long live the American soldier!" j In making his point of order against
Pershing Once in Navy j adoption, of the report Senator La Fol-
Admiral Benson, replying to the lette -charged ' the conferees had ex
toast to the navy. said, in humorous ceeded their authority by inserting in
rein, that the navy had also perform- the bill an amendment extending the
ed it3 duty, but desired to be modest provision authorizing the leasing of
about it. He recalled the fact that coal land to include Alaska.
General Pershin. before joining Uej In defending the conferees' action,
army, was a midshipman, adding: Senator Pittman of Nevada, chairman
"It is a good thing for us that he 'of the senate managers, declared that
has since left the navy." (under the provisions of the bill as
Admiral Benson said that during the! passed by the senate, that the senate
last months of the war the organiza-'. had by the bill's language intended
tion oi the navy watch along the ; to extend the provision to Alaska and
Atlantic coast and the positions of me . denied that any new legislation had
various squadrons of dreadnanghts,' bn inserted. The chair ruled, how-
cruisers and destroyers, made It im-jf . -s-.
risible for the German naw ever to:511011- ' - I
. (, incnnH. Vnw !
thot tVi o stato nf var nvpr thp Tl a vv :
that the state of war Is over, the navy mediately call a meeting of the con
had taken over numerous merchant j elimuiate tHe objecUonable
ships, and at present was actually . P'? blU might be report
man n in. S7 ships engaged in the task edback to both houses witbout dey
of, helping Hoover feed Europe. ' andan e"0J!fmadte1t0 .Lf L
'There have been few moments in! enactment before the end of the pres-
the world's history more pregnant j session.
with anxietv than today.- said Mr. ! r,mJct;.Krrc Trk
Hoover. The situation in Europe is 1 KATtUfc. lUINSfcJM lO 1U
so chaotic that everyone must unite j NEW AMBASSADOR
and refrain from all discussing prob-j
lems with preconceived ideas. The. PAIU3 Fe5. 22. (Br the Associat
results of four years of destruction, ed Pre88.)Tne pnch. government
not alone among the allies but also j nastens to g,Te lt8 consent to the ap
In the enemy countries, must be met!, of Hnga a Wallace as
, Situation Critical ; American ambassador to succeed Wil--Berore
the war the supply of fool,liam G gha according to the an
In Europe was sufficient to last six , nouncemeut of Stephen Pichon. min
months. But European production ; of foreign affairs,
was not at such a low ebb as at pres-i -
ent; it has practically stopped. The ' r tirtDlAM TM7rM HDCC
situation, however, is not desperate, i DAVAlUAn UA1-AK0
Conflicting ideas, we hope will be re-j SEAS ARE NOW FREE
moved, and that the good common j
senge which helped the father of ourj BERNE, Switzerland, Jan. 10. (By
country to conduct the destinies of jjail.) On the question of freedom of
our country through troublous times j ti,e geas. professor Friedrich W. Foer
will enable his successor to help guide I Bter Bavarian minister to Switzer
the world out of Its present pre Jica-. iand recently to a worrespondent
mPnt-" ! of The Associated Press:
Ambassador Sharp briefly reviewed 1 -i must frankly admit the Germans
his four years in Paris. He described j had no reasons to complain of the
the problems which confront France j iaC Cf freedom in using the seas to
ana America upon nis aepanure. ine
most momentous of which is the settle
ment of the claim of the Limoges ex
porters. He had had little time to
give to the Limoges problem since
1914.
OKLAHOMANS INDORSE
LEAGUE OF NATIONS the Arizona Wholesale Grocers' asso-
! elation, which held its first meeting
il'ALESTER. Okla, Feb. 22. Resolu- for months nere today, was that the
tions adopted by the league of Young trade was facing a drop in prices. No
Men's Democratic clubs of Oklahoma, definite plan was adopted, but several
holding their convention here today proposals were made to come up at
endorsed the plan for a league of na- another gathering in the near future
tions and praised the work of the Ok- by which it is hoped to steady the ex
lahoma delegation in coneress with pected falling market and prevent a
the exception of Senator Thomas P. ' sudden drop with complicating re
Gore. suits.
Produce Men
Protest Sale
Of Cull Fruit
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Feb.
22. The Arizona Whole
sale Produce association at a
meeting here today, passed
a resolution to be presented
to the Arizona board of ag
riculture and horticulture,
protesting against the bring
ing into the state of frozen
and cull oranges from Cali
fornia. The association
will endeavor to have the
state board place an em
bargo on 'the importations
objected to. A protest also
was lodged against the pro
posed increase in the mini
mum weight ot shipments
of perishable products and
the proposed increase of ap
proximately 25 per cent in
refrigerator car charges.-
OIL LAND LEASE
BILL IS DELAVED
Conference Report Overturn
ed in Senate; Sent Back
to Committee
Senator Pittman announced after
'the chair's action, that he would im-
develop their commerce and indus-
tries before the war. In fact, both
America and England placed no ob
stacles in this respect.
GROCERS
PREDICT
BIG CUT IN PRICES
PHOENIX, Ariz, Feb. 22. The con-
LIBERTY BOND PRICE TO BE STABILIZED;
PRESIDENT'S SHIP WILL ARRIVE TODAY
"HE". OF
PEACE TALK
REVEALED
Details of Inner Workings of;
Commission Which Drafted
Covenant of League of Na
tions Told for First Time
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS. Feb. 22. (By the Associat
ed Press.) --For the first time the veil
which has concealed the inner work
ings of the commission - of the peace
conference which prepared the plan
of the league of nations has been lift
ed. It now is possible to disclose at
least some of the facts connected
with the achievement by which 19 men
in 30 working hours wrought the plan,
which, if their expectations are real
ized, is to prevent ruture wariare. i
The scene was in room 351 of the j
Hotel de Crillon, Colonel House's
workshop.
In this room the commission met
i
10 times in 11 days. The hours were
irregular, as most of the commission
ers were obliged frequently to inter
rupt the special work to attend meet
ings of other commissions. No time
was set for the sessions or for the
lerminsuoa oi me uay s wors- 1 una i
was a secondary consideration, and no- BOARD THE U S. S. GEORGE
body looked at the clock. r1"0? F f 2wiBj Wlr-
less to the Associated Press.) The
At the outset, the task was cut in George Washington at noon today was
half by dispensing with the tedious only 500 miles from Boston, and mak
process of re-translation. Instead, in- ( teg sucn Eood time that she probably
terpreters sat close behind the com- ntanchor some tiine lat SuEay
missionere and translated the remarks j The presidential party will remain
of the speakers word by word. i aboard, however, not landing until
Meetings Businesslike i Monday forenoon after breakfast, ana
The meetings were businesslike to a m "me to se int tbe citv about oon.
. . . The president has not prepared his
degree. The members met on the hour. . Boston .speech in advance; and it
greeting each other politely but short- seems assured that he will speak very
ly; took their documents out of their j
portolios and proceeded
immediately
with the next article.
Extreme simplicity prevailed. Dip
lomatic dress disappeared with the
diplomacy of the past. Business suits
were worn. The members went about
the matter in a commonplace way.
There were no orations, no spinning j
out of technical points. Plain speaking
prevailed. Stenographic reports were
barred, to restrain oratory and to en
courage the reticent.
President Wilson presided at all the
meetings, except one. When some of
the members looked far into the fu
ture he brought them back to the
thing in hand with the remark:
"Gentlemen I have no doubt that
the next generation will be made up
of men as intelligent as you or I, and I
think we can trust the league to man
age its own affairs."
First Meeting Brief
The first meeting, on February 1,
was very brief. The president spoke
a few words and presented a draft of
plan, which the commissioners agreed
to use as the basis of discussion. Day
after day this was criticized and am
plified and on February 12, at the
eighth meeting, the first reading was
completed.
Though the project emerged un
changed in principle, many amend
ments were pending. A drafting com
mittee attended to this, and the' Amer
ican soldiers who set the type, cor
rected the proofs and ran the press
which turned out the final draft, will
treasure the letter of thanks which the
president sent to them before he
sailed.
The final meeting on FeDruary 13
had a dramatic finish in its simplicity.
The president was attending a meet
ing of the supreme council and Lord
Robert Cecil presided over the com
mission. The remaining articles were j
passed upon. At 7:23 o'clock in the:
evening. Lord Robert read the 26th
and last article and remarked: '
"Is there any objection to this
article?"
He waited a moment and added:
"If not, .it is adopted. Gentlemen,
our work is done. The president of
the United States will report our con-
elusions to the plenary session of the
conference tomorrow."
The commissioners then left the
room.
Must Fight
For Covenant,
Women Told
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb.
22. The women of Amer
ica must fight for a' league
.of nations which will put an
end to all wars and world
suicide. This was keynote
of an address delivered to
several hundred women of
Idaho, Wyoming and Utah
at a luncheon today by Mrs.
Philip North Moore, presi
dent of the National Council
cf Women. Mrs. Moore is
the only woman of the party
speaking in the interests of
a league of nations. The
luncheon was given by the
Women's State Council of
Defense in her honor.
WILSON PARTY TO
LAND TOUIOW
Washington's Birthday Cele
brated Aboard Ship
By President
iPy R-v5"w Loasod TViivi
oneiiy.
Today was given over aboard ship
to the celebration of Washington's
birthday. At noon a presidential salute
of 21 guns was fired in honor of the
first president, for which' the presi
dent and all his party came on deck.
They remained to witness the sailors'
sports, of which there were many.
OHIO-MICHIGAN RUM
RUNNERS QUIT ROAD
(By Review Leased Wire)
DETROIT. - Mich, Feb. 22. The
illicit traffic in liquor across the Ohio
Michigan border is all but under con
trol tonight, according to J. Herbert
Cole, a special agent of the depart
ment of justice who returned here to
night from Monroe, on the state line.
County, state and federal officers
are co-operating in patrolling the
border armed with John Doe warrants
for the search ot automobiles and a
blanket injunction against the use or
all highways for the importation of
liquor.
ARIZONA P.-T. A. WILL
HOLD ANNUAL MEET
(By Review Leaaed Wire
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 22. The an
nual meeting of the congress of Mot -ers
and Parent Teachers' association
of Arizona will open here on March
3rd. according to announcement by of
ficers of the association today. . The
work of the past year will be reviewed
and school laws and laws relating 10
women and children passed at this
session of the legislature will be dis
cussed. Special attention will be ui
rected to recommendations for future
legislation.
RING, MONEY SEIZED
BY PURSE SNATCHER
While Mrs. R. C. Coe, who resides
on Joaes hill, was walking home Fri
day night along Naco road, a man be
lieved so be a Mexican rushed out
from a blacksmith's rhop and snatch
ed her purse, containing &everal dol-
iars in casn and a three-quarters caret
diamond ring.
Mrs. Cole ran back toward the city
' hall and informed the police. Officers
failed to find any trace of the thief.
ALLIES TO
PAY DEBTS
TO Ail'lERICA
i
i
Suggestion That U. S. Strike j
Off Accounts Due From:
England and France Op-j
posed by Both Nations,
(By Review leased WTre
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. Liberty
loan legislation reported to the house
late today by the ways and means
committee provides for the establish
ment of a sinking fund for the retire
ment of government war bonds within
25 years, continues the war finance
corporation so it may aid American ex
port commerce, permits further loans
for the sale to foreign governments
of equipment sent abroad by the
United States for war purposes, and
carries' plans designated to stabilize
ue price oi past issues or douus. x
Chairman Kitchin of the committee
announced that a report on the meas
ure would be filed Monday and that
he planned to call the bill before the
house for consideration late Tuesday,
after passage ot the sundry civil ap
propriation bilL
Quick Disposal Planned
' Quick disposal of the measure is
planned by administration leaders for
on its passage largely- depends the
date of a special session. Failure of
the senate to pass the bill before ad-i
joumment March 4. Mr. Kitchen said,!
probably would mean an extra session
by April 1. Should the bill be passed
at this session, he said, he did not
believe it would be necessary for con
gress to meet until about May 15.
The present record of executive
hearings by the committee on the leg
islation, made public with the intro
duction of the measure, contained of
ficial denial that the allies expected
the United States to forgive debts
resulting from loans advanced during
the war.
"Officials of foreign governments
have always expressed the Intention
of their governments to pay the" in
debtedness, and have said that they
had no intention of doing anything
else." Albert Rathbone. assistant sec
retary of the treasury, in charge ot
its foreign loan bureau, told the com
mittee when asked about the loans
that approximate $S,500.000.000.
Deny Debt Rumors
"It is true," he continued, "there
have been one or two suggestions
made here by statesmen, not holding
any public office, that the debts
should be forgiven."
In this connection. Mr. Rathbone
presented two letters from the French
high commission, officially denying
that President Wilson had been ap
proached by officials, with a view to
having the United States share the
war expenditures of the entente from
the beginning of the war.
"The prime minister has cabled an
order to deny most emphatically that
such a suggestion has ever been made
to President Wilson by any French
official." declared one of the letters,
while the other explained a resolu
tion introduced in the French chamber
fit deputies for the establishment of
an international financial union
among the allies to distribute the war
expenses among the nations on a
basis of population and the power to
contribute financial support.
French Asks No Charity
"The French government," the let
ter said, "has nothing whatever to do J
with the project, and is not giving Its
support to the resolution." j
Mr. Rathbone said there was noth
ing on record in the treasury sug
gesting cancellation of the obligations,
and he added:
"All the statements made by rep-'
resentatives of the foreign govern-!
ments I have in mind particularly J
the British have been to the effect j
that it would be unthinkable that their !
governments should not pay their
debts; they say they do not want'
charity; that they have borrowed the,
money and intend to pay." i
No charge in direct legislation re-!
garding the next Liberty loan was
made by the committee in final con
sideration of the measure.
Sinking Fund Provided
The sinking fund is provided by di
rect appropriation from the treasury
of 2H per cent of the actrreeate
amount of Liberty bonds and notes
(Continued en Pare Two)
" Shall Be
Killed9 Eisner
Said at Berne
PARIS, Feb. 22 (By the
Associated Press) Deputy
Jean Longuet, in his news
paper, Populaire, says that
after the speech of Kurt Eis
ner, the late Bavarian pre
mier, at the socialist con
gress at Berne, he congratu
lated Eisner on the bravery
he had shown. Eisner re
plied: "Yes. Returning to Ba
varia, I shall be killed."
Passenger Train Collides With
Double Header Engine
' .Running Light
(By Review Leased Wire)
PITTSBURG. Feb. 23. Twelve per
sons are believed to have been ..iuev
and about 75 others injured tonight
when a double header engine runuin
lisht on the Baltimore an 1 Ohio rail
road here went through an open
switch and was struck by passenger
train No. 156, known as the Versa.es
locaL
The accident occurred near Swia
burn street, on Second avenue, the
tracks at this point being elevated
above the" surface of the avenue. The
two locomotives, running lisht. went
through the open switch on to the
main line. The engineer saw tne pas
senger train approaching and tried to
back out. but before he could do this,
the passeuger train crashed into the
engines, scattering wreckage for many
yards, much of the debris falling over
the retaining wall. Three ot the pas
senger coaches were ripped from the
remainder of the train, but they hetu
to the rails.
Late News
, NEWPORT NEWS. Va Feb. 22.
The battleship Georgia, several days
overdue, because of rough weather,
arrived here tonight from France with
more than 1000 officers and men who
will land tomorrow. The ship brought
home the 161st infantry regiment
(Sunset division) and two New York
casual companies.
PARIS. Feb. 22 (By the Associated
Press). The American camp at Aix-sur-Tille
has been destroyed by fire,
according to a dispatch to the Havas
agency, from Dijon. Despite the
prompt and efficient work of the
Americans, the entire camp was burn
ed with quantities ot clothing and
equipment. The damage is estimated
at one million francs.
PORTLAND. Ore., Feb. 22. The Pa
cific Coast Metal Trades District
council voted late tonight -ta submit
a proposal for a general strike in
protest against the Macy award to
the affiliated unions of the district.
Sentiment among the delegates was
that a negative result on the proposed
vote was likely. This information,
while unofficial, was given by a source
close to the situation.
BROWNSVILLE. Tex.. Feb. 22
Nineteen men, eight of whom were
from the same community. 20 miles
up the Rio Grande from Matamoras.
have so far been summarily executed
by shooting or hanging by the state
police of the Mexican state of Tara
paulipas. in a campaign to end bandit
ry along the Jower Texns-Mexican
border, according to reliable informa
tion in Matamoras tonight.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Feb. 22. Lost
in a bliizard. 2 WO feet above Iake
Michigan, with their engine dead from i
a defective oil feed Ensign Ray F.
Apptegate. Groat Lakes Training sa-,
t'.on nsval aviator, and Lt. George M.
Weichelt, narrowly escaped death this
afternoon when attempting to bring a
message from the War Mothers of.
Chicago, to those ot Milwaukee, on '
12 DEAD, 75 HURT
in tw era
1
CITIES
i STATE
OF SEIGE
; Bavarian Cabinet Will Meet
to Form New Ministry;
Committee of Action Form
ed; Big Riot at Augsburg
BERLIN, Feb, C2. (By the Associat
ed Press.) Bavaria last night was de
clared a soviet republic by the soldiers
and workmen's council in Munich, the
Vossische Zeitung today said.
MUNICH, Friday, Feb. 2t (By the
Associated Press.) County Arco-Valt-ry,
the youn8 student, who shot and
killed Premier Eisner, was lynched by
an snjry crowd.
(H- Rpvlew.Lfnstsl Wire)
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 22. A state
of siege has been proclaimed in Mu
nich, according to a dispatch from
Berlin, under date of February 21.
quoting advices from the Bavarian
capital;
A committee of action has been
formed from the three socialist par
ties, including the communists and
j executive cf the workers, pea.ant
land soldiers' councils.
I The cabinet will meet to deal with
; the formation of a new ministry.
j COPENHAGEN. Feb. 22. A state
cf siesre has been proclatiuev! t Augs
burg. Eavaria. says a disr ch from
Berlin.
There was a great demu... tration.
accompanied by disturbances at Au.ss
berg last evening and li.cht cavau-y
and sailors repeatedly cleared the
streets, firing volleys ir.to the crowds.
COPENHAGEN. Feb. 22. Owing to
sanguinary disturbances Hanau. Prus
sia, was occupied by government
troops this morning, according to ad
vices from Berlin. The government
forces disarmed the red soldiers and
arrested their leaders.
Bulletins
the occasion of the opening ot the
War Mothers' Victory festival in Mil
waukee. PARIS. Feb. 22. The official bul
letin issued tonight on the condition
of Premier Clemenceau. says:
"General and local conditions re
main satisfactory. Pulse 72; tempera
ture, (eentrigradel about 997
farenheit."
LONDON. Feb. 22. The Press as
sociation learns that the report that
Adelina Paiti is seriously ill is un
founded. The prima donna, according
to this authority, is convalescing at
Brighton.
BERLIN. Feb. 22 (By the Associated
Press). A telephone message from
Munich received here today says that
evidence has been gathered by the
soldiers and workmen's council to the
effect that the assassin of Kurt Eis
ner was acting in behalf of a secret
organization of officers and aristo
crats. TONOPAH. New. Feb. 22. Three
men were trapped temporarily in the
1100 foot level of the West Tonopafi
mine today and damage estimated at
$20,000 was caused by a fire which de
stroyed te engine house. The fire
was started by a vat of tar boiling
over.
WATERTOWN. N. . Feb. 22. Dr.
Mary Walker, aged S7 years, died here
tonight after a long illness . She was
a surgeon in the Civil war and was
awarded a congressional medal of
honor. She gained considerable fame
by being the only woman allowed to
appear in male attire by an act of
"digress.
DETROIT. Feb 22. William Micus
d Michael Maurer of Detroit, won
'he rational doubles handball chara
"'misMo tor,f?ht, d-feating Sackman.
l-'Tles champion, and Gordon, the
former champion, both of New York,
in straight games, 21 IS and 219. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
AR1Z0IIA IS HEIR TO
Armed Man Is
Found Under
fM II PRDXPFRTY1 Merchant's Bed
LEFT BV OLD PAL
Saving of Life of Mining Man
Years. Agcv Rewarded j
by Bequest ' j
Presence of .Mind Saves Res
taurant Proprietor From
Probable Assault
Somewhere in--Arizona is Howard
A. Dodge, former commodore of the
South Coast Yacht club of California,
traveler and sportsman..
He is the owner of an $S0.0$ gold
mine in Mexico. " And the peculiar
part of the wkole thing is he does not
know it friends are now seeking to
tell him of bis good fortune.
One good deed., the sarins of the
life of a rich and well known mining
man many years ago. made him heir
to tne mine. Recently the mining man
died. Since it has been Hsoosed ne
lulfilleJ an old promise and Dod?e
i-us te:ome rich. -
Here is the story as it conies from
California to the Review:
Ex-Commodore Howard A. Dodge
of the South Coast Yactt club little
thought when we was a guest at a
dinner given at the Van Nuts hotel.
Los Angeles, by X. L. Heather. thtJ
New York yachunan and Mexican
mining man, some ten years ago, that
the statement made by Heather that
he had set aside one of his mining
claims as a present to his old yacht
ing friend Dodge, was a.., ig but a
good natured jest on the part of
Heather. According to the story tola
by M- Gonzales, his former secretary,
it seems that Dodge had saved the
lives of both Heather and a beautiful
Spanish girl who afterwards became
his wife. While on a vacating trip
about San rrancisco bay and up the
Sacramento river in Dodge's big
crnisin-jTiTrJ Emerald, the yacht was
coming. down the Suisan bay with a
lizht wind and a strong ebb tide. As
Heather often, told the stcry. the
Email beat was towing astern and the
girl and Heather were biding and coo
ing in the stern of the smaller era..
Eadge had attached the end of the
main sheet to the rope of the tender
and the small boat was well atern of
the yacht. Ia parsing one of the
large spar buoys that mark the chan
nel the yacht passed to one side and
the small boat swung around to the
bther. The heavy spar fcuoy was
pu!!ed over to an angle of about 45
degrees -by the "nctlon of the strong
current and as tte "line became taut
the rcpo commenced to slip up the
spar and the tender was drawn slowly
but sorely out of the water, the girl
f creamed with frisht and Dodge by
quick ' presence" of mind, whipped out
a knife to cut the rcpe. allowing the
email boat to drop back into the water
just- as it was about to capsize.
Heather "male a great deal of Dadae's
'presence of mind in cutting the rope
as neither he nor the girl could swim
a stroke and the situation was desper
ate. Some months before his death
Heather said that 'some day when
ti:e mine was worth an even $100,000,
I am going to send the papers on rec
ord to that old salt and surprise him.'
Apparently from this Dodge knows
nothing of bis good fortune and will
be surprised to learn that he has fal
len heir to a Mexican gold mine worth
at least $S0.0G0..
Quick action and presence of
mind of Musa Idris, proprietor of
the Presto lunch room on Brewery
Gulch, 'probably saved him from
assault and robbery early yester
day morning.
Idris checked up the cash in the
register shortly after midnight
and started borne with $300 in
cash and a watch vslued at $S0.
When be reached his room he
saw a "man's feet extending out
from under his bed.
Idris backed out of bis room
with the words, "Gee. I've left
that money of mine down at the
restaurant, and I'll have to re
turn icr it." He then ran to the
California rooming house where
he telephoned to the police.
Police Sergeant H. D. Ruff and
Patrolmen Billy Sherrill and A. D.
Reese responded and arrested the
intruder. When searched a revol
ver, a flashlight, a billy and a
mask were found on his person.
He declared he had intended fight
ing Idris because of a past quar
rel. The suspect gave his name as
Victor Hernandez and said he was
recently discharged from -the
army.
RUSSIANS FIGHT- -BQLSHEVIKI
RULE
Many Leaders Strive for Res
toration of Safe and
Sane Order
PARIS, Jan. 15. (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) Members
of the Russian committee in Paris de
plore the tendency of some newspa
pers in the allied countries to belittle
the actual work of Russians in Rus
sia to overthrow the Soviet govern
ment headed by Lenine and Trotzky.
Prince Lvoff and his associates on the
committee point to the thousands of
Tjrjissian officers .and soldiers executed
by soviet order ' as proof of the activi
ty of Russians -within bolshevik terri
: tory against the societ dictators.
! In a conversation with a correspon-
dent of The Associated Pres.4, Dr.
Eoris A. Bakmeteff, the Kussian min
ister to the United States, asserted
that only a small part of the former
; Russian empire actually is under bol
: sherik control and that the Russian
troops predominate in the army that
has driven the Red forces out of Si
: beria and are threatening soviet au
thority freni north ana soutc Russia.
Fought Bolsheviki
Boris Savinkoff. w ho was minister of
; war under the Kerensky regime, and
; wfco recently arrived in Paris, is typi
cal of many Russian leasers who have
been in Russia striving for the restor-
ation of more sane order. Savinkoff.
': like-many other fearless opponents of
', the bclsheviki. has been working con
stantly in bolshevik territory for the
"astjear.". Ho planned the capture of'
aroslav last July, a movement which
threatened the overthrow of the Mos
cow government for a time and was
put down by the bclsheviki at great
cost ot lite and supplies -
"Although the bolshevikl put a high:
price on Savinkoffs head, he ruar.ag-i
ed to escape them through various dis-j
guises and subterfuges and left Kus-j
sia by way of Siberia, coming from '
Vladivostok directly to France by'
sea. His activities extended intoj
nearly every section of Russia and he
had many narrow escapes.
Feared by Trotzky
Of aill the prominent social revolu-!
tionists who have been pitted against j
the bolshevik regime, Savinkoff is
is said to be the most feared by Len
ine and Trotzky. He figured promi
nently as one of the most dreaded ter
rorists under the imperial regime.
Marie Spiridoncva and scores of
other members of anti-bolshevik fac-1
Ucns have done heroic work within tiie.
last nine months which resulted in in
surrections against the bolsheviki, so
the members of the Russian commit
tee say, but the bolshevikl hnve con
trolled the- Russian news so thor
dughly that the outside World has
known only the movements which as
sumed big proportions in districts
within telegraphic reai. of foreign
newspapers.
. DETROIT. Mich.. Feb. 22. Oscar
Stanage, veteran catcher with the De
troit Americans is in line for the 1919
season, having affixed his signature
to a contract. Stanage will embark
upon his eleventh season with the Tig
ers. He became a member of the club
in 190S when purchased from the New
ark club of the old Eastern league.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Feb. 22. Club
owners or the American Association
rlan to take care of members of their
teams injured in the war.", acjrdjns
;to A. F. Tiianie, president of the MU
' waukee club.
"That has Wen our attitude from
the time our players left tor the army
;and navy," Mr. Timme said. "I am
of the opinion the club owners nill
set aside part ot the receipts for play
j ers wounded in France and incapaci-
tated for life. Tommy Quinlin. out-
fielder for Joe Tinker of the Columbia
i team, had the worst luck of any play
; er in our organization, so far as we
! have been able to learn. Two of the
Milwaukee players saw active service,
j but neither suffered injuries."
I
j PEORIA. Ills., Feb. 22. William
: Jackson, former manager ot the Pe
ioria club ot the Three-I league, is
J considering two offers for the comins
season. The Omaha club ot the West-
j era league, which Jackson led last
season, wants him to return and the
' Shreveport club of the Texas league
' also is bidding for his services.
1 .
SPORT BRIEFS FROM
. HERE AND THERE
(Br Review Leased YVSre)
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Feb. 22. Barn
storming, will be eliminated from the
spring training trip' of k.he Cleveland
American league clab ithis season.
Manager Lee Fohl believes that better
results can be obtained if the entire
squ2d -remains in camp instead of
Making side trips to play exhibition
games. A year aso tie Cleveland club
Larcstormed through Texas and on
the way north with the New York
Nationals. The teams ran into bad
weather and four or five days were
lost in the venture. The Indians will
train at New Orleans this spring. They
probaoly will report on March 20.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Feu. 22. There i
will be no spring training trip for I
the Columbus cJud of the American j
Association, Pres. Joe Tinker has ten- (
tatively planned to have the players j
report here March 25. .
The University of Michigan team i
will spend the first week of April in j
Columbus to train with the Senators, j
Tinker has arranged exhibition" games
with the Boston Nationals for Neil i
park," April 12 and 13. .
ALLIES WILL PAY
DEBTS TO AMERICA
Continued from Pace On
that will be outstanding on July 1.
1920. The amount, the committee
said, was expected to be J18.000.0m0.
000. so that the first year the contri
bution to the fund would be $458,000.
000. with that in the future dependent
on the rapidity of retirement.
Leans for export trade by the war
finance corporation under the terms
of the bill may be for a period of five
yeras, but nc loans to American ex
porters are permitted if private capi
tal is available, and the interstate
rate on .such advances Is fixed at not
less than 1 per cent. These loans,
limited to $1,000,000, may be made
within cne year after the proclama
tion of peace by the president, but at
the end of that time the corporation
is, directed n begin its liquidation.
I Opposition to the continuance of
the corporation was voiced in the
committee by Representatives Moore
of Pennsylvsnia. and Sloan of Nebras
ka, and they are expected to carry
their firM to the flocr cf the house.
The bill limits the total or future
loans to foreign governments to the
unloaned portion of ten billion dollars
previously "luthorized.- and rerniits
such loans to be made only for IS
month aftr the president's peace
proclamation. Members of the com
mittee explained, that this provision
was inserted to enable the United
States to scl! equipment sent overseas
he fore the cessation of hostilities,
such as railroad rolling stock.no the
allied goverr dents. Te provision, it
was saH. al o is expected to aid in
thr. nmr'- .-iR2 of American heat
abroad in turh a manner as to lessen
as niurh a possible the loss to the
government under the guaranteed
pri'-f".
Tut rrni;iitt?e adopted the recom
mendation of Secretary Glass to re
open he inviij;e of converting' four
per rent lonrfs into bonds bearing .4'i
per cent interest: The -secretary is
authorized to extend the privllere for
such a peri'Ml as he may consider advisable.
ST. LOUIS. Mo, Feb. 22. Jimmy
Conzelman. one of the greatest ath
letes ever developed in St. Louis, hav
ing received his discharge from the
navy, plans to re-enter St. Louis uni
versity to take up dentistry.
Conzelman will be eligible for foot
ball next fall and probably will take
up the( work cf instructing classes in
boxing. While at the Great Lakes
Naval Training Station, Conzelman !
won the lightweight championship and
never was defeated. He also played
quarterback on the navy fooita.l eleven.
SPRINGFIELD. Ills... Feb. 22.
There is little likelihood of Springfield
becoming a member of the Three-I
league for the 1919 season, according
to Dick Kinsella. former owner of the
Springfield club. Kinsella believes,
however, that in cities like Peoria.
Blocmington and Decatur, the plan
would work satisfactorily. Springtield
is under a handicap. There is no base
ball park here and the old grandstand
used in previous years, has been dis-
t mantled. A new grandstand would
cost about llO.ouO. he said.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 22. Joie
Ray, the Illinois Athletic club dis
tance runner, and Tom Campbell of
University High. Chicago, probably
will meet in a special 10o0-yard race
as the feature event of the annual
track and field meet of the Kansas
City A. C. to be staged in Convention
hall. March S.
Campbell leaped into the limelight
by defeating Ray in the Central A. A.
U. championships. Dr. J. A. Reilly,
athletic director cf the Kansas City
A. C, invited these cinder path rivals
to match their ability over the 1000
yard distance.
Invitations have been sent to every
club and university in the Missouri
valley to enter athletes in the meet-
DETROIT. Mich.. Feb. 22. Eight
Central A. A. U. swimming champion
ships to be contested at the Detroit
Athletic club Saturday. Febraury 22.
are expected to attract a number of
the best known swimmers of the" mid
dle west.
The program calls for four events
for men and four for women. Perry
McGillivray, holder of central, national
and world titles, is expected to com
Ptte in the 15-yard back stroke and
the 220-yaid free style events. Bud
alien, another world title holder,
probably will be in the 4t0-yard and
the "XVyard Tree style. McGillivray
and Wallrn will represent the Great
Lakes Naval Training station.
IOWA CITY. -Iowa.. Feb. 22 Ll.
diaries Laun. former tir halfback
and captain of lb- University of Iowa
football eleven, has been made ath
letic director at Camp Pike. Ark suc--edinsr
Cpt. John L. Griffith. rcienly
tranfTrl to Washington.
; CHICAGO. Feb. 22. Charlie White,
the Chicago lightweight, having re
ied bis discharge after 18 months
of service as a boxing instructor,
plans to la uiuh a campaign to land a
I match with Benny Leonard, the light
wf lent t hamruou. White's first contest
Aill ith Harvey Thorpe, a Kansas
iy 13. -pouiid.-r. in Buffalo-. N Y
February 17. During the war Vh't
wrs first stationed at Camp Custer
fcni later became hoxine instructor at
Ft. tfhciidjL'.
g
NEW SPRING MODELS C6 fTf St S7SS? NEW DRAPE VEILS
In -Eon Ton" ano -Royzl Worces- VT 0 Wf' yZvA To wear ith the new spring hat
ter'Ccrseis tack and frant lace rTV QiKj mX VVr 75c to WOO
. . .- - - , pi J -M
ra TV "
ii
wm
g Styles
New Dresses
Each day brings new arrivals in Gssrg
ette ,crepe de chine, taffetas, silk fow'ards
and many other materials that Spring
Style authorities will approve.
They are very individual and different
each enc has its own style and dis
tinctiveness, PRICED AT $18.75, $25.00, $29.50, $35X0
AND UP SECOND FLOOR'
The Delightful
New Coats
And they certainly are different than any
thing that has been shown for years.
The favorites are capes, cape coats and
the new and very popular style, which is
a coat with flowind sletVes. Very bread
at the tcp and merging into the coat by
way of fslds. They are made up with
very high collars and very beautiful silk
linings. Shawl collars and trimmings
of fringe and embroidery ornaments.
t SECOND FLOOR
-7
c i ii::L i
wo ra a
18 fe-
mAU:
New Coat Styles
IN WOMEN'S SERGE AND JERSEY DRESSES AT $18.50, $22.50, $25.00,
$27.00, $32.50 and $35.00
The features which stand out above all other Dresses this season are the coat effects. For street,
for dress, for sport wear, coat effects are good. They are made of broadcloth, trtcotine, serge
and wool Jersey. And tKy nearly all have fancy embroidered silk vests, and Peter Pan collars.
These coat dresses are suitable for women and m isses both their suitableness be'ng governed by
the length of the coat. See them tomorrow. SECOND FLOOR.
New Suits
They have straight I ine, box costs, and
skirls are narrow aod leng the coats are
frjquently beltei perheps the most in
teresting thing about them is that they
nearly all have bread, light vests of Tokla
silk or gross grain silk or bright colored
wool. SECOND FLOCR
New Modes in
Millinery
Never before have w had such a wide
variety of beautiful hats so moderately
priced. The new styles for spring range
from the strictly mannisr tailored hat to
the flower bedecked and dressy affairs
made of soft braids and Georgette Crepe
and lacquered ffects with cornflowers,
field ftowers, cherries. French roses,
grapes and stick pins for trimmings
and mort and more coming in daily. A
beautiful display now awaits your ap
proval. SECOND FLOOR
WOOL SERGE SKIRTS
SPECIAL AT $4.95
Women's Wool Serge Skirts not very many
to sell at this price, but number that makes
up the assortment are very good, both in
style and quality and will give the wearer a
great deal of service. Colors are navy, blue
and black. - While they last Monday at $4.95
SALE OF WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'S SWEATERS
AT Vz PRICE
Women's and Children's Sweaters, in all styles and sizes. Some are belted styles
with col'ars and cuffs of angora or brushed wool others are plain knit of same
Some slip over models; every one a good value all colors cardinal, gray, green,
rose, Copen., corn, navy and brown.
Children's siz?s 22 to 32.
Women's sizes 34 to 46.
Arrange din regular price from $2.00 to $15.00. On sale at 1 PRICE from $1.00
to $7.50. SECOND FLOOR
WASH SATIN CAMESOLES
v MONDAY ONLY 95c
Women's wash satin Camesoles lace and rib
bon trimmed, also touchts of hand embroid
ery. Very pretty and dainty. Some have lace
over shoulder, others ribbon straps. Regular
$1.C0 values sixes 36 to 44. Special ofr Mon
day only 1 95c
SECOND FLOOR
Main Floor ;
SPECIALS
T
Towels -
TURKISH TOWELS 50c
Regular 75c Value
HUCK TOWELS, 19c
Size 19k36
Large Turkish Tpwels, extra Plain white lunch rtowels, some
heavy, in plain, white and pink with red borders, f Regular 25c
checks. Special at 5Cc va'ues on sale at: . 19c
Sale of Bed Spreads
SCALLOPED BED
SPREADS
$4.00 Values at $2.69
Large size, white scalloped bee
spreads, with cut corners and
plain hemmbd ends.
BED SPREADS,- $2.39
$3.00 and $3.50 Value
Full size, white spread, for
double bed. Hemmed ends. Reg
ular $3.00 and $3.50 values.
Special at '. $2.39
Men's Wear Specials
MEN'S HOSE 20c PAIR
3 Pair for 50c
Special sale of Mil's Cotton
Hose. Ccme in tan. black and
white, double heel and toe.
Sizes &2 to 11'
WORK SHIRTS 75c
Regular $1.00 Values
Men's Blue and day Work
Shirts; cut full ar:d roomy:
double stitched; some with tw
peckets. Sizes 14 to 17.
WOMEN'S SILK HOSE, $1.75 VALUES AT $1.29
Wcrorn's Silk Hose, in s large assatnert of colors; "no alack or
white. A!l sizes. On sale Monday at, the pair $1.29
Choice of the House Sale
Men's and Young Men's Suits, Regular '$32.50
to $40.00 Suits, All Grouped and They All Go
MONDAY AT
oo
' Win h'f
r 7 iJ
Our entire stock of High Grade Suits from
AMERICA'S FOREMOST MAKERS such
Kuppenheimcr, David Adlers,
Griffon and other fine makes.
Assortment consists of this season's choice fab
rics and models. All suits are elegantly tailored
and trimmed.
FABRICS MODELS PATTERNS COLORS
Pure Wool Worsted. , . Pin Checks. r-..
AH Wool Cassimeres. Conservat.v. Sacks. Neat Sltlpes. Oays.
All Wool Scotches and Semi English. Mixtures. Browns,
Twteds. Form Fitting. Plaids. Tans.
Number
Sires
5 22 17 14 5 "6
T-T 35 3tf ' 3S "39 40 4:
U ' Regular Stouts and Stubs.
3lue Serges Excepted.
See Our Window Display.
Small Chaurge for Alterations THREE
i ir
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1519.
LT. WALTER PHILLIPS,
FORMER BISBEE MAN,
KILLED IN FRANCE
ALONG AUTO ROW
tt i rt tit m r wilh lbeir a?eucy
s ord Kecerved Here or Death tion' aixmt their
of Fighter; Lost Life in
Aerial Combat
Battery Men Still on Job ... received a carload of Studebakers and,
J Lohinan & Wright of Lowell said ; Mr. Eowen is very much pleased with !
; yesterday that the more they s-ee of .' them. The Bisbee Auto company is a
jlhey ive ike better pleased they are; built up quite a business. Their show
WARREN DISTRICT
PLANS BIG WELCOME
FOR COL. GREENWAY
Word has been received in Bisbee
of the death of Lt- Walter Anderson
Fhillips of Ashland, Ore, Trho was
killed while engaged in an aerial com
bat, on October 1. last- Lieutenant
Phillips was in the 19th Field Artil
lery, attached to the First Aero
squadron in France, j.nd was a form
er resident of Bisbee.
Lieutenant Phillips wa3 educated at
Oregon Agricultural college, where he
was active in athletics as well as in
his classes. He attended the first of
ficers' training camp at the Presidio
of San Francisco, and was commis
sioned in the artillery. Later he was
given a course in advanced artillery
training, and when sent overseas, took
There is no ques-
service, said Mr.
Burroughs. "No kicks and satisfied
users are the best thing I knov for
continued use of any article and in
this case it's the Willard."
Buickc and Cadillacs Back
rooms on Mam street give evidence
to this fact, and Mr. Bowen said. we
could not have done it If we hadn't
produced the goods."
Motor Company Changes Hands
Mr. J. O. Main has sold his interest
in the Lowell Motor company and his
The Southern Arizona Auto com- j successor, Mr. Cagle, who comes from
pany with Edward Plumb as local j South Carolina. Is a hustler. A new
agent, are going to show the people
of this district something; new in
Buicks and Cadillacs. "Ed" said yes
terday, "We . have been very fortun
ate in being able to secure a represen
tative line .of Buicks in tooth touring
cars and roadsters, but we have surely
cot them and are in position to make
immediately delivery." George E.
Jackson was over from Douglas th?
other day. hut said he had to get back
to hold down the Southern Arizona
Auto company's business in the Smel
r City." They are occupying a build-
in? in Lowell just next to the post-;
front is being put in his building and
a little later, an entirely new building
will be erected. The Gates Half Sole
tire, he says, is his trade mark. It is
a modern development of an idea, but
lately made efficient in half soled tires
and 3 more enthusiastic agent for
them could not be found.
TEARNEY NAMED HEAD
OF WESTERN LEAGUE
fPv RAview Leased Wire)
f iLS8.! 1 mlk?.,de"on:Tean1eyof Chicago been Tendered
smmon or cie me amumooue manth presidency of the Western league.
an v luiurwauuii lie auia.
lery and aerial schools, and was ac
tive as an artillery observer since last
May until he was killed.
He leaves his mother, Mrs. Lena A.
Phillips of Ashland, his wife, Mrs.
Lillian Lee Phillips of Nixon, Texas,
whom he married November 3, 1917;
one sister, Mrs. F. Mortimer Carte of
f San Francisco, and four brothers,
Verner of Seattle, Fay George of Fres
no, Califs and Lester and Chester of
Ashland. He was the grandson of the
late Eli K. Anderson, one of Ashland's
eldest pioneers.
NEW WORLD'S RECORD
FOR BAR VAULT SET
(By Review Leased 'Wire)
TROY. N. Y, Feb. 22. Martin J. B.
McDonagh, former South Atlantic as-
Ready for Anything
Edward Simmons of the
Motor company, says he has a shop
now that can take care of anything
in the automobile line. - He is not run
ning an automobile aeency, but has 1
his shop fixed up for all comers no
matter what their needs misht be in
repairing. "Work on ' all makes of
cars or. tires is our specialty," said
Mr. Simmons.
Business Is Good
Frank Bledsoe, Ford agent for this
district, said yesterday that he was
selling a number of cars. "The fact
is," Mr. Bledsoe went on to say, "I
have already sold 15 cars so far thi
month, and business in Hood tires,
and club owners meeting here today
said there was no doubt he would ac-
Cochise ! Trim Fnirwpnthor nf TVoc'W ninoc hkeL
dent of the DesMoines club and mayor
of that city, but he said other duties
would prevent his acceptance.
The magnates this afternoon rati
fied the sale of the Joplin club by
John Savage to a Joplin stock com
pany and paved the way for the ratifi
cation of the transfer of the former
Denver franchise to Spencer A- Ab
bott, who will place the club in Tulsa,
Okla.
j GEN. TRAUS DENIES
ALL CHARGES MADE
i BY GOVERNOR ALLEN
GOVERNOR TO HOLD
The message from Mr. Hurley says:
Automobile Parade
Returning Hero; Banquet
Tomorrow Night
i
i Jilil lvji. X r IIVLUx United Staffs chamber of commerce
iPv Review i-exed Wire) to call a national conference ? th
j PHOENIX. Ans, Feb. 22 Governor , best business, banking, shipping an
! Campbell and President Asbury of the ; lahor experts in the country ai.l to
i Phoenix chamber of commerce will prepare through this conference a
confer Monday on action to be taken number of plans for tae best operation
in response 10 a request tor aavice of our merchant marine.
I mm r h4irmin I1ilrlv Ihd I nttiH s ? - ... i
. w ! v, . ... 0, n - oi ..-..v. ... .... v raruiinjc. miuing ana industrial
to Meet; So Artillery shells Tell ohort j States Shipping Board on plana for probes will ! given full considers-
Wearing the distinguished service
cross, recommended twice for promo
tion to a colonelcy, the Warren dis
trict's hero of the war. Lt. Col. John C
Greenway of the American expedition
ary forces in France, formerly of the
Calumet & Arizona Mining company,
will return to his home here tomorrow
evening for a brief visit with friends.
He will be accompanied by a brother.
Gilbert, who with -the colonel saw
service on the French front.
In honor of the return of Colonel
Greenway, the Business Men's associa
tion of the district has arranged for a
banquet and reception to be held at
the Country club Monday evening. Ad
ditional guests of honor at the banquet
will be the colonel's brother and Maj.
William H. Brophy of the American
Red Cross, who also saw active-service
in France and who has been back
in the district for two weeks.
Friends of Colonel Greenway have
in Argonne Battle, De
clares Army Chief
the American merchant marine.
tion.
(Py Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. Maj. Gen.
Peter E. Traub. commander of the
35th division, told the senate military
affairs committee to-lay that fisures
presented by Governor Allen of Kans
as to show shortage of equipment in
th 35th division in the Argonne
fighting were based in some instances
on reports of the situation at the close !
i of the battle.
Not a single round fired by Amer
ican artillery fell short, causing casu
alties in American forces, he said.
Germans sometimes had control of
the air in that sector, but the general
asserted it would have required at
least 50.000 airplanes to maintain
aerial supremacy at all times. He def
nied that there was a shortage of
horses as gTeat as Governor Allen
claimed. Wounded were kept at the
front until nightfall, he said, because
that was better than to take them to
sociation A. A. U. hurdling champion, J for which I have the state agency, is
established a new national record in
a bar vault contest here this after
noon, when he cleared six feet and
11 inches. The best previous mark
was six feet and eight inches, made
by McDonagh at Philadelphia in 1916.
booming, for the simple reason that
the man who uses Hood tires gets his
friends to buy them."
St ude bakers Received
The Bisbee Auto company has just
BRAVES SIGN HOLYOKE
. (By Review Leased Wire)
BOSTON, Feb. 22. George W.
Grant, owner of the Boston National
league baseball club, announced to
night that he had obtained First Base
man Holyoke from the Cincinnati club,
giving in exchange James Smith, a
utility infielder, and cash considera-
tion. Smith came to Boston from the
just " N
Jew York Nationals last sprin?
Just Arrive d
Oo.HosLd of
New IQ Series-'--
prepared for a gigantic motorcade to 'e rear during the day fighting,
greet him on his return to the district. ! General Traub rec-ntly made a de
Leaving here tomorrow afternoon , ta.iled statement of the ooth s activi
few more intimate friends will go to j tes before the house rules commit
Douglas where they will meet the col- tee- . . .
oneL At the station in the Smelter ' General Traub deniod charges made
City an informal reception at which ! y officers who had been relieved
his friends of the neighboring city i torn commands that .he favored regu
will greet him, will be held. As soon ! lar army officers over national guard
as this reception is concluded Colonel ! officers. He told the committee that
Greenwav will be taken in an auto-! the lime Brig. Gen. C. I. Martin, adju
mobile on the final leg of his trip ! tnt general of Kansas, was relieved
nome . :of his command, another brigadier
.general ana tnree comneis. au regular
army officers, were replaced.
Replying to questions from members
of the committee as to the equipment
with which the 35th division entered
the Argonne battle, the general said
his troops had a complete supply of
artillery and "all the - necessities to
overcome any obstacles whatever.
At Osborn the mass of friends
composing the motorcade will meet
the colonel and accompany him bac&
to his home in Warren.. Plans are for
a large number of automobiles tilled
with friends of the colonel t partici
pate in this parade.
Colonel Greenway win remain in the
district at this time but a few days,
renewing acquaintances and attending
to some personal business matters.
He then will depart, to return within
a few weeks for an indefinite stay.
Colonel Greenway ir coming to the ;
district directly from Hot Springs, j
Arkansas, where he has been recuper-:
ating from injuries to his health j
caused by the. strenuous duties of the j
battle front and by several successive
doses of German poison gas. He is now :
considerably improve-i in health and i
is again beginning to feel as himself. ;
REVIEW WANT.ADS FOR RESULTS
U mn.ii.i . i mi mm i ... i i i ,iJi - . J
t ;
' " """" I . I L L. 1. I II 1 II , , , L.
Tits v;v--t:'
Would You Run on a Flat Tire?
Suppose your front tire went fiat ten miles
from home.
You would not bang and bump along after
you knew that every turn of the wheel was
tearing the life out of the casing.
Why not be as reasonable about your
battery?
The penalty for mistreating a battery is
just as sure as for abusing a tire. The care
is just as easy.
Drive into our Service Station and let us
tell you just how easy it is,
LoHimain Wright
(Br Review Leased Wire)
SAN DIEGO. Calif, Feb. 22 Paul
Gardner of Chicago today won the :
national amateur golf championship '
at the Coronado Country club, defeat-;
ing Percival Thompson of Coronado, ;
j 3 up and 2 to play. I
Ford Magnetos
Recharged
without removing
PRICE $5.00
Slag Dump
Garage
Battery Experts, Lowell
COMPLETE SERVICE STATION at Your Disposal.
We test, repair and re
charge stcrsg. batteries,
find always carry a fy
supply oC battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries.
I S"?5 1
P. it-, f
t-1- I
Studebaker Quality Dominant, for Sixty-Six
Years is Reflected in these Cars
See these beautiful cars in our show rooms and note the classic designs De Luxe
Pantasote tops with, Plate Glass in rear Beveled body Choice of colors: Blue or Ma
roon TLMKEN BEARINGS throughout TRANSMISSION IN FRONT Hotchkiss
drive Lets of Power, easy riding. i
STUDEBAKER
Big "6"
Light "6"
. Light "4"
Studebaker Cars Are
RIGHT in EVERY, Respect
HUDSON
and
ESSEX
HUDSON Touring Cars and Speedsters
We are the oldest dealers in the Varren District and the only one that has kept
their Service Station open to their customers during the entire WAR PERIOD.
SMTH FORM-A-TRUCK . Attachments for. Fords in Stock.
SOLID TRUCK TIRE PRESS.
GATE
. Half Soles
'1 IIIik
7
Miles Guarantee
Hood Extra Ply
.TIRE
25 MORE STRENGTH
Absolutely the Best Wearing
Tire on the market.
If any adjustment should be needed
on a HOOD TIRE we make it when
you ask for it NO DELAY.
COME IN AND SEE THEM
J. C. BLEDSOE
FORD AGENCY
Phone 6S6 Johnson Addition
7 it:
BISBEE
AUTO CO.
Upper Main Street
i "t rm I p, f 3i c-n t i n t i
'j r ri tt , -1 li r n r- rT a
auu
lino bno nuvi
Pioneers in the
Business
iVt ni r?i wrri
::-:! E-a E3 1?3
HI
uuun
m id- uai
Tifiin mil Eii
lusiu :
SAFETY FIRST
SAFETY FIRST
Buy
VEDOL
OILS
Vcstern Vulcanizing Snop
WHOLESALERS and RETAILERS
W. C GRUBB, Prop.
JOHNSON ADDITION
Everything For The
Automobile
WE ARE AT YOUR SERVICE WITH
Cylinder Boring, Acetylene Welding, Vulcanizing,
Forging, Storage Batteries, repaired and recharged ; All
kinds of machine work, Carbon Burning, Starting, Lighu
ing and Ignition experts. Full line Auto Supplies, Port
age Tires, with our own guarantee. Our specialty is
"WORK" ON ALL MAKES OF CARS
Full line of Ford parts. Rayfield Carburetor Service
Station. "Exide" Storage Battery Agts.
Cochise Motor Company
ED. SIMMONS, Prop. PHONE 444 FOUR
,THE ELSBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
Eta-Sfetog agog gfeufcm - j Outbursts of Everett True
i .... ;
Editorial Comment
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
umpany
m " -a -a , mm -aa----a--
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use ior re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved-
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act
March 8, 1879.
of
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month .
Three months
Six months .
Twelve months .
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
.$ .75
. 25
. 4.00
7.50
. 2.50
. .75
Creed of Americanism
I believe that the American republic as instituted by the fathers
constitutes the finest system of government ever ordained among men
and affords the machinery for the righting of grievances without re
sort to violence, tumult, and disorder.
I believe that every inequality which exists in the social and eco
nomic condition of the American people is traceable to the successful
demands of interested classes for class legislation, and I believe, there
fore, that practical equality can be obtained under our form of govern
ment by remedial legislation in the interest of the American people
and not in the interest of any body thereof, large or smalL
I believe there is no justification in a government, where officials
are elected and laws made by the people, for a minority to threaten
"bloodshed and anarchy unless the majority shall submit to the will of the
minority.
I believe that America belongs to American citizens, native and
naturalized, who are willing to seek redress for their grievances in orderly
and constitutional ways, and I believe 'that all others should be taught,
peacefully if we can and forcibly if we must, that our country is not an
international boarding house nor an anarchist, c&fe.
I pledge myself to the support of these principles by my voice, by
vote, and, if need be, by my fortune and my life, and I promise my
country to train my children in this most holy faith.
The above is a creed Vice-President Marshal suggests Americans
adopt. He asks for a "straw vote" on it, confidently believing that a
large majority of his fellow citizens will place themselves fairly and
squarely upon the side of Americanism as Americanism is interpreted
in the creed. What do YOU think about it? Does it pre'sent to you a
perfect picture of true Americanism? If it doesnt how could you
change it? What, if anything, would you add to it? Or is there any
thing any word or sentence in the creed which you would eliminate?
The Right Keynote
The budget bill, advanced in the senate by Senator Hughes, re
stricting expenditures of all departments of the state to the appropri
ations fixed for them in advance, should have all support-
"Centralization of responsibility and of authority- said Senator
Hughes in debate of the bill, is necessary to accomplish that which the
legislature mas elected for the stopping of reckless extravagance with
the maney of the state. "Otherwise," declared the senator, "we will
adjourn discredited and the laughing stock, rightfully, not only of the
people or Arizona, but of those of other states."
The Gazette has steadfastly maintained just exactly that which the
senator proclaimed on the floor of the senate yesterday. We ask it
on behalf of the taxpayers of Arizona and all of its people, just as
does Mr. Hughes, whose steadfastness of the principle wilL -we know,
not fail of appreciation on the part of the people. Carry it to the
finish, senator, with the budget. bill and with the several other import
ant measures of which the same principle of fixing of responsibility and
authority is the bone and sinew. Arizona Gazette.
Sample of Statesmanship
Maybe; if you like the U. S. Senate attitude toward equality of
political rights, youH also admire its attitude toward business.
Much of the unemployment and still more of the lassitude as to
business enterprises are due to the fact that business men and those eager
to go ahead with the new undertakings don't know what their taxes are '
to be. It is about the most important information that could be given
"the country. Observe how the representative U. S. Senate hustles along
the intelligence.
On a recent date, the conference report on the JS.OOO.OOO.OOO war
revenue bill came before that body. It is a very voluminous report. A
copy of it was in the bands of every senator and he was bound to
study it. Senators Lodge. Penrose and France demanded that the whole
thing be read. Very good formality, said the Senate. And when the
clerk began to read, the senators walked out and the clerk read the
whole document to practically empty seats. Hours wasted over noth
ing. Meanwhile, reconstruction isn't reconstruction and the jobless
aren't working.
One thing which is puzzling residents cf the district is: "How in
thunder does it happen the cops run in flocks at night and all manage
to be on hand when anything happens?"
Now that both the senate and house in Phoenix have demonstrated
their abilities as musical critics," the taxpayers niav anticipate a little
work from the legt latere.
Perhaps it is too much to expect that future rulers will derive their
just power to declare war from the consent of those who must do the
fighting.
The rising generation of males will never amount to a darn until
it outgrows the notion that talcum powder is more honorable than
sweat.
The Huns won't really know how to appreciate a republic until they
cultivate their habit of telling the chief executive how it sho.ld be
done.
The trouble with diplomats is that they frequently have their
heads in the clouds when they should have their ears to the ground.
A statesman is a man who can take a national conception" of right
ousness and slap its face until it yells for more colonies
By the time the conference gets through with taem.
fourteen points wiil point in the original direction
few of the
How it must irk the old-fashioned diplomat when his voice at a peace
conference is drowned by the voice of labor. '
Are we to begin the new era with the assumption that phrsical
power gives the riit to interpret justice?
When you persu-de him to adopt the savings-bank habit, and build
himself a hcit you spoil a good bolsheviki.
Lbert goes on the job with the contorting atsertion that he can t
make thincs Worse than they are.
A pood national neighbor, like a good personal neighbor, is one that
atieuds to his own business.
- -" r-v . . - - -- .i 1 -.
,iv- WANT T"
GA-AIMC T THC
FINANCIAL, P.4ffC
4Mt S IvHdT'S
UON'C. I H4vcS
3 Fue.R in
STOCKS, AKO
j the Greeks, after he had placed one
rMc: riK, vALC!
Your. Landlady thc?
r ' Tm. -
rr r -vi
PLACES OF PEACE
The places of near diffor fmm th of his first camps there, and issued
places of war. Battles r fought n"i one of hi terse threats aeainst the1
empty hills, unknown farms, along I "aIls of tne Fyxantine capital.. This j
roadways that have run for ages with- j wa.s tne ,ast historic episode of the
out any claim to fame other than the j Ponces Islands long and tragic his-1
tread of the pilgrims that have passed ' tor-v- 1
over them. But treaties come out of "The descendants of three Greeks t
cities; world conferences are born in ' s,m m,1b the 'Red Islands.' as ther '
palaces long known to fame. Rre 'sometimes called from the ruddy'
Germany turns from Berlin to Wei- i of.the rtcks- some Iivinjr in little j
mar for ias new national assomhiv I . . Puresu.ue homes embower.
Weimar. home of Goethe and Schillar, " nd tns- others d wetl
and long known as the Athens of Gor- f V1 stf tely am ord houses,
many. Liszt spent manv vears in its .lch ""i waters edge
quiet streets, studying and writing, de- half f J .
fending Wagner and nroducin the L . A n,er..l.a. The kansa
as City Star"
first "Lchengrin" in its ooera hou I. .,!,Dea the meeting place
Goethe, minister of stat im.w ,, vl J.TC.ne "" assembly
" . uv - a K akaFo t
hereditary Prince Charles Augustus
"It is hopeful of a changing Gcr-
directed the construction of 'the ducal ! mny' '!?is tu"in the intrigue
!Rlace and the Weimar Theater, where J Tf ,hT w t0 lhe
Richard Strauss conducted some oi f Jmf t--l nd roruan
his esrly works. - l"c,seal of tne ,ilt y of Saxe-
t. ... , . , Weimar. It vlrtimlly represents a
Some Of the Old Germanr rlinn t,,-fr,. r .w . 13 "
. - - i uvui urs i in ijerman i
aoout eim;rr: equally some of the . Hf - ., . .. -T ..- ,
mystery and loneliness of Russia is in t - -. . V , .
the ea of Marmora, where represen-, many of the finest recollections and
tames of the factions cf broken Rus- traditions of the That wat
s.a have been invited to atend an al- "r..h .
lied conference. History knows rrink- an,, w"'":r ,. ?Pmo'
- " ' . -o c VI W(UIUlUt;ui i HIM IhPTV Sr xf il... r; .
tor royal women.
Cyril Arthur Player writes in "The
EVLoit News" of the meeting place in
com
positions of Usit nd Mendelssohn
were" conceived in Weimar. In this
quaint old town Schopenhauer dwelt
what is often called the Demon Is-jin the unutterable
"Vis five centuries since the Prin-! udta! J.i
ces' Islands were news.
U . ikv uiw ics v aur
siaii representanre do meet the en-, die. And it drew Georra Kli ThLA
rnv rr mo niiio hAn . -jii v. . -. .. .
- - -i n. nui w rrav. iuvim o,. . .. .
- - - uii iu,u,i ruTt
thA first thin (hit ) kan.i. .-.
. ir.r i , --"" -, noiaoies oi-otner lands who sousht
? J?1"?8 SlvCe .the Turks inspiration in this spot which had
ice. onstanunopie; that is. if you lured the im
$400,000 Road Fund to
Be Available at Once
may
some of its
U3E1X: ,riz-' Feb" 2 A pos': mi,es in length, 14 miles vet to be
sible fund of 53.400.000 for load and ) built. S2 men '
orwhirh ?4.,-000i 'Prescctt and Jerome road, thirty
of hwh in all likelihood, will be miles to be built, 60 men . This job
immediately available, and employ- according to the estimates. 'is a more
ZVt JJ mlZ meD Vrithin the I d5fficult and Pensive project than
next 60 days was the situation as out-) most of the others, construction run
lined today by Representative W. M.Jning $10,000 per mile.
j-rciurjuse or tsisoee. r-.ir.K
r.xcePl an eartaquaKe lit 1534. but no- -All the clorv nf vim.. ,i.; V "
body outside of Asia Minor paid much the time before the Prussian amiM
otten.ion to that. ,-rls, sr,., -,,,. " ' ".J nM
Tfipv Will frtrm ti -rs . - :
tiuL'iaitc et i . it'iiuaiipv or iha
ting, impressive alike for the beauty th V f., " .! i . v .
f ,be !ttln and l.he ee.,:!e natur of , the things of the mind and soirit Wol
SrrE ! .mar background of mem-
-"- " jiiu- , ory. its se ection bv the new r-rom.
queer thines in thoir dav snn rai-h- ... . . " " v . .e. ne . sovern-
nur thr-.. " . seat Ior deliberation
,v A . , ueu, serve to tring back to it
the Demon Islands for nothiug. They j departed glorv.
J ,ur ,"ue sJ.,mp,y ,he "The name of Goethe and ?chillor
uls of departed Greeks were be-i dominate WVim .r tJ rJ. V.1110
lieved to betake themselves to these it toTeaT Hesl
gemhke isles in the Sea of Marmora: ; things to Weimar: the dvier of ft"
tC mL..!,, j , . .dictator of its thought and finallv its
The Princes Islands are a cluster greatest and best beloved memory
of nine islands in tfie Sea of Marmora. ; His house on the Goethe Platz is one
JTLrL !'! town's 'sights' and monunienls
, . " F ",asiiOi aim occupy the most p
cf Asia Minor. The one nearest to Unions. Even his sarde
New Spring
Styles
road, two
for
t uiuw ana Kooseveit
Delbridge gave the estimates in an-! mis. 60 men.
swer to a question as to whether the . Proposed Bridge-Over Gila
uocnise delegation intthe legislature Besides these projects there is a
ould press for action on the telegram ! proposed bridge over the Gila river
"s3e rvaa yesieraay. urging a: provided for in a bill now before the
levy of 53.000.000 this year for road j legislature, for which an appropriation
-u..,.i.u iu ie care or ine nn- or oo.vuu is suggested This
t Q.iuuu -li:u lue uuuse out carrying an emergencv
ov. - as scriuub sou oecoming j ciause to give it immediate effect, and
MA"n ' aeaay has been recommended
The 53.400.000 possible road fund passage by the roads committee
mentioned by the Bisbee representa-! With regard to the Tombstone and
uwuc up as iohows: kuu.uuk m i me iii'ton and Solomcnville roads
" cuic.scuij uui wnicn is ex- lionuge said Holmquist had told
pected to receive prompt action in 1 him part of the work was being done
the house and which is being approprl-l by prisoners, but that these were to
lu or ieaeraj gov-j De taKen off the jobs and employment
luuu; -r iw.ww in an; an-i given to citizens who were out of
vcuvi iucu aupropnauon measure for' worK.
state roads carrying $1,500,000 and the! At a meeting of the annronrmti
enabling bill, which will allow coun- committee of the house and heads of
ii s on lnes,ome oi me large industries of the
dollar for road purposes to work in state, the road program for the state
"",lJ""VL'"" "e soernment. was tnoroughly discussed, according
.r1 Aid Av-'l-b"e to Delbridge. The concensus of pin-
'' i"" muis is put ; ion at mat meeting, he said, was that
on by the counties. Delbridae savs. it I the stata anrl mnntr .
ouia provide another million and kept entirlv Qpn.nr- .v-
half to add to the state s million and a state engineer should be given full
naif nil rf rViiK ,j v .-i . ' i , .
" ' "l -i-"" -uuiu ue swuaoie nuioomy io go anead on state roads
uhen the taxes come in next fall. The . without having t. r,,, -,k v
immediate funds would come from ! countv supervisors,
the states emergency bill for $200,000 i " old stf- rw-;.
and the federal appropriation toi ? SySt'T Decned
match. , j Delbridge pointed out that consid-
Delbridge went over the road build- erab!e. friction between the state en
ing possibilities with State Engineer ' paeenng department and the county
Holmquist, from whom, he asserts I suter"sors had resulted from the old
he learned that with present equip I Tt' and he inttaiated that both
ment and funds the state could em-' business men and the legislators
ploy not to exceed more than 2iK) men i .ere of tyne mind on the point that
on its highways and bridce construe- 1 e road b,llldins activities of the
tion. j state and counties should be kept
HolmquisL however, pointed out I aPT t- u
that plans for a new road out of Yuma. I Ue ,sbee representative also took
which twice had bt-en rejected bv the 1 a ni;Pfu view of the problem of un-
prominent po-
ih.. t.enn-.. tw.5 .i..-k s. . s-ien uoi.se nas
.o -iv -uuuijDeen preserved in. reverent memorv
a mile in length: the next is Anti-i "SchilWs' old homj -fas
'tt1; siie then; bought by the town and tJ
comes HalkL nearly twice as larce.
and Prinkipo. largest of all, lies still !as h
iurtner to the east
j into a muscuai. His rooms are almost ;
e leii nera. ine r onr
ceiling low and the furniture scant v. i
Xo person can deny that there is
a certain amount of unemplovment in
the state." he said, "but I believe that
a third time and were waiting ap
proval at 'Washington. The engineer
said hp flt ciira tStv ? v
proved as changed, and if they went j Jhe surface indications make the prob-
through he would be able to take care
of another 40 men on that project.
i ue nny arcnipeiago of the islands , ti.if -.i i-,... .....i.,r
abounds with legends, most of them ! ' J n the mnd Z r,
dating from the Byline period. UheUVfbTviS
when the islands were a place of ban- Goethe was one of the dreisneS ot
ishment. The old Byrantines did not (this structure, and the duke" tvro
appreciate the beauty of the surround-.have held it have dedicated a rl
mgs to the extent of erecting palaces of rooms to the Lmor eTof Gotthe
of imperial vi las; they did dot the : Schiller. Herder and " Wiela ani
hill's nnri lina ttia ctinrac -iv ' j ... iuu auu
..... .v -v.,o ...u u,Vuo-:juornea me walls with frescos of
tcnes and nunneries, ultimately con- scenes from the lives and works of
verting these to state prisons, abodes these writers, worus or
of horror within whose walls they ! "To this Dlaro win U
confined such of their emperors an. jwil, U'd SiiSru Te
empresses, patriarchs, generals ani ; lawmakers can catch something of
statesmen as became the victims of j the spirit of Weimar's dead can b ta
SLS revolutions or of plain spired by. even a little of the "nseinSi
t.rul,oa:, k . . , - isemus that flamed there, then there
"When Mahomet took Constant!- is hope for the rrr-U T
ncple he set apart these islands fori row- Germany of tomoi-
There's an easy. bnvy air to the
new Spring fashions which hav
ju!i own put into our hands bv
the Kahn Tailoring Company of la-
ut.iiiapoiis.
Vcur own suit of
KAHN
Made-To'Measure
Clothes
will be fashioned according to inr
one ot th sr.appy new models that
appeals to you.
And it win be buiit to your meas
ure of a stiuneh all-wool fabric.
Let us take your measure for
that new suit at once.
X
Kobeys
MEN'S OUTFITTERS
The Post Office Is
Just Across the Street
f torn us.
U. S. TO GOIITIIIUE
ITS OPERATIONS OF
DEAD HERO'S MOTHER
PRESENTED WITH SON'.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU ; CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL
Federal Government Assures! Mrs. Del Pruitt Given Details
State of Co-operation
in Filling Jobs i
of Boy's Bravery in
Blanc Mont Fight
il'v Review leased Wirei ,rv R?vt 1 w:.
PHOENIX. Aria. Keo. 2A mes- "PHOENIX ArT, t ,
sage has been received at the office ot j Ksrlson arrived in Phoenix "todav
T. J. Croaft. Arizona director of the-fmm -niiit... k.. j
rA i . . ... i : -, ur.uujncrs ai LUMlg-
- rwiiuuicui ertvs, uuiiuiing. ies. ooartng as the
FRESH
California Vegetables
SHIPPED DIRECT TO YOU
Lettuce, hu 4c
Cauliflower, hd 10c
Celery - 15c
Cabbage, lb. at
Green Peas 17c
Tomatoes 15c
Green Onions, bunch 5c
Beets 5c
Turnips 5c
Carets 5c
Radishes 5c
Oyster P:nt 5e
Parsley jc
Watr Cross Sc
lr snips, lb 7e
Rhubarb 7C
Horse Radish 15c
Spinai-ti 5c
Squash Sc
Prices quoted, f. a b. Los Angeles,
address:
TOM SfflELDS
Box 103S Loa Anoelea, CaU
personal rep re-1
semative ot General Hartman. the!
congressional medal of honor awarded I
to John H. Pruitt. who went to his '
death in a charge on Plane Mont ridge, i
ISIS. The medal
lem appear worse than if aiT- t.
It is my opinion that if we can put
making a totl of 6i-0 men for - horn ' r1;--4111 men ork on our roads
work would be available in the near: . V- lne 110X1 we will be
future. ' ,a,ilS a great deal of the slack. Many
No especial funds have been set i ln"s have ' Uvn discharged from
aside to co-operate with the federal 1 P . at "tterent Points in the state,
government on the Yuma road but it! - ara s'ven to -nderstand that the
was Delbridse's Opinion that the J2lX- n!aJ"y of these have gone to the
0o0 measure now in the legislature : . - ianot do nack Tor two
or three months and by that time con
ditions should be beginning to read
just themselves. I do not wish to
minimize our unemployment problem,
but at the same time, I believo that
.v na. neon painted worse than
realty is.-
it
would be applied to that work.
Hciniquist said that the approval
of the Yuma road plans by the federal
authorities would mean that the state
would have to acquire new equipment,
but ho estimated that this all could
be gotten together and work started
within 60 days from the date Wash
ington endorsed the plans.
422 Now Working Tp rApr MI f ICTAC
According to Delbridge. Holmquist: , V"-1-113 1 A2
estimated that he had . men e.u-! n-Anill
plojed in six ro;id gangs throughout .ral trenw train arrived
j FEDERALS PREPARE
! day and two others are expected to
the federal government's intention to
contiuue in operation its employment
offices, with joint control by the fed
eral aud state governnieuts.
- .. .vsv viim V l S I AIU t". lUOPr . .
tamea a copy of a letter sent by fceo- was presented to Mrs, Pel Pruitt ot
retary of Labor Wilson to Ropresen-'this city, mother of the dead soldier
tative Keating, asking his assistance; According to the official citation,
in obtaining a sufficient appropriation j Pruitt atacked single handed .two Gor
to insure the contnuance of the em-i man machine cuns which r Si,r.v.
ployraent agencies. The message to ing the American troops vwith a hail i
Keating said: j of lead. He silenced both, killing
"In submitting the estimate for the J 'heir operators. Continuing, ho raid-!
United States eniploymeut service and led a Gorman dugout, capturing fortv i
asking for the employment serxice ttfjof the enemy. Later in the dav lruitt
enable the secretary of labor to con
tinue and maintain a system of labor
exchanges and to co-operate with
states and municipalities to advance
opportunities for profitable employ
ment of the wace earners of the
United States, including discharged!
soldiers, sailors and marine. 1 felt
that it was absolutely necessary, in '
ortlcr tB keep industrial unrest at a
minimum and to facilitate the pro
cesses of readjustment, tc cchitiuue
the cmplo-ment senrice as establish
ed in co-operation with the public em
ployment services in such states a?
have them.
"It is necessary that the federal
government should, for the present,
be able to maintain its own system
of oft ice
state i
was killed by a German shell.
GREAT SACRIFICE OF
FRAIICE FOR AMERICA
France has put S million of her 26
million population into the trenches
and has poured out. her life's blood
for America and democracy.- in addi
tion we owe her a largo debt of grati
tude for a perfect remtdy for stomach,
liver and intestinal ailments which her
peasants discovered and successfully
used. The ingredients are now import-
Pa me awaits the man who can
saying bolsheviki.
invent a shorter and uglier wav of
1T
T'.;e hi. f weakiM of idealism is that it has no understanding
ed and snl.i hv . it m.v- .-. .
,ees m every state until tho!Chic)4,0 naa r''
s ready to moot its share of!i,-,v- - ... ol
llLr.' ! th-lth burdoa.ad take v-r ,ke mau-in; "0 nZ
by it here. It is a simple, harmless
preparatkm that removes the catarrh
al mucus from the intestinal tract and
1 allavs the inflammation
ni-i practically all stomach, liver and in
the state, as follows:
Tempo highway. 3 and H-1H) miles
u iu j o "n"but"u- 1W "'- - U'al garrison and to take the field I Mvnu-nt subject toi federal . Vupervi
i Mes- alld p 'Pn r rtmd. surfacing 1 apainst the Villa followers who are ' fion.""
j work for a total of 3- miles, ro miles ; opera t ing in the north
, of which is yet to complied. (. One of the trains expected to arrive I MARS AND MORAN DRAW
! v- , -' eiuuos a tonight ill bnug General Castre. com-! NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 22.
Attention!
ST. PATRICK'S SENIOR
CHOIR '
DANCE
FEBRUARY 27TH AT
THE K. of C HALL
Everyl-Kxly Gentlemen
invited $1.00
"Hall's Bssr Plug Smoking
A clean. n;i!d Virginia ToMvo in
plugs, or sliced ready to rub. Made
txprossly for us. Sent by mail
anywhere, jvst and tax paid.
S1.C0 POUND
W. F. BALI The Big Pipe Stora
Et. 1SS. 110 North Soring SU
y Los Angeles
A tery !i:t
Itf fa.e st:i a vt:y Utile eid.
' -hi ,7 ",, r "'J' " '-. i-n.l.T of the northeastern military 1 tcvn round lnut Mmi Kayo Mars tetiiial uilnuntV Tr .cindlpV -wT
, "r ,,,p' "ortb .Hid also -n- Orleans. dc-larvd a Ji . Hiou-.b ey refunded
, , c , ,, , ,..'',r wuh American military authorities j MAtators tliou'-t Mars should hvc "sold bv Lowell nru- ,-omn-rv
tii.tou aud boioaiouwllc road. Co on the border. 't-au gixen the dcvi.ion. druggists 00 lvn,r"r
OUR MILK
Is the l?KST I Y TKST
and PRICKS KIGHT
BUY TESTED MILK
STANDARD MILK DEPOT
I Brery Culcn
NKW YOKK. Feb ?iT National
lUio how asMviation ar.nounood to
ijv th. ts Nh MH'ual exhibition
will U- hold here at Madison Souatv
Gi'doti. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
FIVE
ENGLISH GENERAL
PAYS TRIBUTE TO
' GEO. WASHINGTON
Member of British War Mis
sion Honors Memory of
First President
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Feb. 22. George
Washington was termed one of tne
greatest military tacticians in the
world's history by Brig. Gen. Lionel
Richard Keaycn, C. B.. a member of
the British war mission, at the Wash-
ington birthday celebration held here
this afternoon at the Republican club
. ' , , .
g:?:.i:. wuea vtorge w asmngion
rii troops to Yorktown, he accomp-
i-i ..-.ary. But I fear that he stands
oo nigh as a man that his character
as a great soldier is forgotten."
Asserting that "in recent years a
truer account of history is being j
taught in England and the United I
States." the general declared he had i
recently heard some English boys say j
thin ss that were uot complimentary;
to King George III. He added thai
'this improvement of history will tell
the cnildren the truth and there will
be no unfounded prejudices of one ;
country against the other." j
Rev. Lyman Aobott, another speak-'
er. declared that Washington as oresi -
dpnt of th l'Titp.l SritM " won'rl stv
prove of a league of nations because
his advice against entangling alliances i
did net mean to avoid Lc
fighting for human liberty."
Memorial sen tees :or America's
first i-resilent were fceiu hte totLiy
ia churches of every creod-
O-ie Lcld ia l ais chi.p.-,
where Wasiu.o'.uu vors.i.ped, Ly ihe
Saigrave iitiijtion. organized in li'.'i
in England to perpetuate the memory
of George Wasnintoa and hold custo
dianship of Sulgrave manor, England,
W ashington's childhood home, wnich
was presented to America by the Bri
tish government.
Williamsburg bridee plaza. Brook-
tvn. was rpj-hriitnfri Washing-ton
ftiaza in cren air exercises attended ;
bv more than 100) persons. The plaza !
contains a statue cf Washington ana
autnorization for the change in name J
was given by the board of aldermen.
NEIGHBORS ALL
TALKING ABOUT IT
Spivey Says Wife Does Work
First Time in 1 2 Years
Gains 28 Pounds
"You ought to hear the way ou j
neignbors are talking about.- Tanlac -since
my wife's recovery." said W. A.!'
Spitcy. mnrnrxaan. Xo 95, .for the I
Kansas Pitv Vptrmwi'inn Ctrwf t?ji(i
as City Metropolitan Street Rail-1
way and a valued employe of the com-
imuj iur -j jears. Me ana nis wite !
and interetiiip- f a i f v of i-M'n 1!
in their own home at 116 South
Church street, Olatha, Kansas.
"Mrs. Spivy has been in poor health
for 14 years," he continued, -and
almost every month during that time
she was under treatment of some sort,
bat she never got any relief that we
could notice. She had no appetite and
there were mighty few thines she
could eat and what little she did force
j , i . .
. "u uu gaa n o'clock, and Wednesday eveninsr
srrsa vee i ssti am
awfTnaf ! -Tcnd mvUedo V&g -
St.. " -Mind",
- v. o auu B1JC IK 5V 1
dizzy he would have to put her hand
u cuwriiuu; tiwuj iik lue uacK Ol I
chair to keep from falling. She su- i
fered from nervousness so that some i Sennon b
nights she couId hard.y sleep at UTbem ad
ana sne never flzd know wnat it was;
to get a good night s rest- She kepi
erunms weaner ana weaaer ana was j
ao bad off that twice in the past six j
yeara she was given cp to die. We I
thought we - had tried everything to J
help her and didn't know what else to I
SnuTi JVEri-ZE
. , . , .
tie about three months ago and almost .
she began to show
l"SalZ.
was coming back, but the
rZ.7ni , C t. I lo baptize Sunday evening which will . teo. -- .No pro
wonderful improvement has been in i ..... : nr-al that the i-nitH ,o
the past two months. !
"She has, a good appetite now, anc I
can eat anything she wants like ap-
pies, cabliaee. pies and meats of any j
kind. Any one of these things Lefore ',
she began to take Tanlac were just j
like poison to her. She doesn't suffer .
. I. ; . . . . T . .. . V. ...... . ,i
. , . - , j
eats that she has gained pounds in
the past two months,
rid of that pain in h
SI.e is entirely
:-r IjllcL and the
headache aro gone. too. Nltody co ilj
U-M that anything had hccr. tt.e matter
with htr n.rvts they are so quiet now,
and the slveps atout nine hoars eveiy
niht. She has gotten so strong that
she id doing all the housework for our
family of six and doesn't mind it a bit.
and it is the first time in 12 years
that she has been able to do any work j
at an. ;je is more use sne usea to ce
15 years at-o than I ever hoped to-be
hr and I feel just like everybody el
thit knows cf her improvement th
TU"ae
Tanlac is sold in B':ree by J. M. .
tj-.ii in tiimtUc 1 1.T1 ci itn.ir m.
pany, la Paradise by G A. Walker, in !
Bowie by Lov. ie Drug company, in S;m
Simon by .'. LJ. Cooke. Li Wilcox by i
A. A. Nicholson, ia Lowell ty Lowell j
Drug compiiiy. in Lenson ty C. F.
Mobs Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A. I
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm-;
acy. in Pcarce bv 13. A. Tavlor. in '
Tombstone by Boyd's Dra; store, and
In HcNenl by ilcNeal Mercantile com
pany. Ad-.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Mining and Financial News
4
BY REVIEW
By Review leased "Wire)
; FINANCIAL REVIEW
j NEW YORK. Feb. 22. The trend of j
( events at the peace conference, prob-1
i ability of an issue of short term notes j
as a substitute for a "Victory" bondj
uiicnug, suauuuuuicui iui lue prescui ;
session of congress of railroad regula- j
tion, and another substantial federal j
appropriation for transportation main-
tenance constituted the chief develop-
ments of an active week in the 6ecuri- j
ties market. j
Trading was on the largest and -
broadest scale so far this year, but in-'
vestment issues were most often ob-!
i scured by the prominence and
strength of speculative stocks, espe-j
j cially oils, motors and their subsidiar-
'ies.
i , ,
uieui. sou ueiuuuuuauuj uu pre-
j
The Churches
Notices ta appear in this column i
hereafter must be in The Review
ott'ce not. later than Fricay eve
ning of each week. Notices re
ceived after that time cannot be
used.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Kov shall labor ret its ust reward?
, is revolution nesjun-v la revnlutinn
. tTn'-fnriin' Thic -bhu rincccH n
( 11 a. m.
"Mea Who Missed the Trail." 7:30.!
Sunday School, 9:45. !
Epwcrth League. 6:30. :
C. W. HARSHMAN. '
1 CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
! Icfcriual Christian Sc.enee services
;:i.re a;ti ia Warren every Sunday at
i .a utiiic ha.J, opposite the C. & A.
Ti.e subject icr this mom in z is
llinl." and the meeting will begin at
1:30. All are most welcome.
WARREN CHURCH
Sunday School meets Sundav at 10
coek-
Preaclting service Sunday. February
"J14 ce ai s:oli p. m.
TKCS. A. MITCHELL, Minister.
SOUTH BIS3EE
Preaching service will te held at 1
i o'clock next Sunday,
i tunday School wnl meet at th
sual hour, 3 d. m.
THOS. A. MITCHELL, Minister.
CON LUIS
Sunday School every Sunday at 11 -
c'clock.
A corJial invitation is extended to
all our service-y
THOS. A. MITCHELL, Minister.
CHRISTIAN
iiioie school, S:45 a. m.
AiorniEg service. 11 o'rlrw-k
Ser-t
mon. "The Foolishness of Smirninfri
Christianity."
Evenine service 7-Ssl nvifwt-
Ser
mon, Why Christ Became Flesh and
Dwelt Among Us."
Popular Bible class meets Wednes
day evening at 7:30 o'clock.
We invite you to all of our services.
CHAS. H. MATTHES, Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SERVICES
The Christian Science society of Bis- j
Dee, Am., nold services in the Odd
ff. ! 1 ' m,n , . c j - .
,.wv"o aonj oaumi inurnins at
FIRST BAPTIST
On Main street. . ;
r;t,i 1 . .
v w.uw., v . x a. lil. . OC Jdi lilt
m. A seoarate
m ;
i v n i- j..: ; .o.,
m : '" (
g
n "
P. U.. senior, meeting. 6:30!
t
Sermon by the pastor, 7:30 p. m. i
Theme, "Being Sound in God's Sta-i
tutes.'
.. .V e l church where j
ine oia-ume religion is preached and
where you wm eceive v&m we,.
e. We have seven grown people,
ber since last February. !
U. LULiLl 111 11! Mil llfl in 1 11 IT T1I1TT1-T
H. C. COMPTON. Pastor
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.
Morning prayer and address, 11 a.
m. Subject. -Friendship."
Wednesaay night choir practice.
o'clock.
JOSEPH M. WHITE. Rector.
WORKERS', SOLDIERS
MEETING IS CALLED
Ki v:t-w Lonsl Vire-
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 22. the eo-calk-d
workers, soldiera and sailors'
' council which organized here Feb-
i ruary 9, has issued a call for its third j
; mass meetine to be held tomorrow. A. ;
a. Worsley of Tucson, is advertised'
A majority of the soldiers and sail-;.
Crs who attended last Sunday's meet-
. , .. 7. . 1
that they were rot in sympathy with
its princip'es and withdrew, later
forming an army and navy club here.
:
JIM FLYNN KNOCKED OUT
By Iteviow L-ised 'Wire'
OAK LAN I., t 1.. Ki !- T2 William
Fat l.;.l ! u.- of OaVJand. Cal . knot kchI
(.ut James (Fin man 1 Flyna of Piu-iiio.
Colo., in I'm- tirst round of a si-lifbiled
fi.ur rt'Uiid b'liit here today.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BrtING RESULTS
. iiaiiu nun t 11 hi iiiri iisii nnriiRri t - .
' An kH.JL.'ll. - 1 z 1
p v . . : internal congress was organized to-
e on the program, the subject chosen , ,.. v.. .,...-... . . , .
at fcr5 a G Tff,lnt FOWTS,b.L r fiance societies with an ag?reat
at Rnroads and Other Essential Indus-; racmbership tf .i.so,,,,,,,,. U was an-
LEASED WIRE
lent in most branches of industry.
pools and other professional mteresrs
appeared to believe the future held
much promise for such commodities
as oils, motors and released products.
Existence of a verv laree short a-'
co tun maue possioie me snarp rally OI
the week in steels and coppers. " In i
the trade a sharp divergence of opin-'
ion still existed regarding the outlook'
for metals, but most of the copper .
group attained their highest levels ;
following publication of very unfavor-'
able statements. !
The remarkable foreign trade report
for January, surpassing all records of
the war period, and authoritative re-
views bearing upon the domestic busi-
j ness situation accounted for the huge
j volume of bank clearings at principal
I .
. ueocits.
Business Locals
INCOME TAX BLANKS
AT BANK OF
We have received and
BiSSEE
will be
pleased to furnish to friends and pa
trons income tax return blanks for in
comes of less than $5000 for the pres
ent year.
2-23 THE BANK OF BISBEE.
! HOUSE r.LFAMiwr; timfi
Calls for clean nawrs tn rr.it on
shelves nniir me- mme anj 'inn.
leuma v ii thom in h.., w f
50 at 25c a bundle. Review office
NOTICE
To the public and to whom it may
concern, that W. K. Caley is co longer
connected with the Eisbee Transfer,
Storage & Coal company and they do
r.ot hold themselves responsible for
dents incurred by hiai.
Signed this
oth day of January. 1913.
UISSEE TRANSFER. STORAGE &
COAL CO 2 3
AUCTION
Best way to sell your furniture or
merchandise is by auction sale. J. A.
Finney, sr., auctioneer. Phone 257.
Box 1737!
24 3-i
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
' Mrs. Sales Academy-, o. K. street.
Thone 1S2
NOTICE TO PUBLIC !
The undersigned has bought the
Cray and transfer business of George
Oting and will conduct a dray and
transfar business on his own account,
having stvered his connection with
Cie Bisbee Transfer. Storage & Coal
company.
Dated at Bisbee, Ariz.. January 27,
1319.
'--T- V M. K- CAJLLY.
COCHISE MOTOR CO.
: Charges for tepair work reduced toi
fl and $1.25 per hour. Five mechanics '
ai your service.
o dance at Lowell Mondav night
account no music. 2-22
ROCKHILL'S STAGE '
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leave Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company,
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5.
':45 a. m.,
1:30
Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Eox 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 456.
L. L Gi'man sells the New Edison.
"The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
Br. Playfair, Osteopath, 5S Mason
hilL Mason car stop. Phone Blue C47.
Adv.
wish to announce the death of
'".Irs. Mnrv Ham of thio -vr.
J
Hern being a member of the Macca-
bees and Knights and Ladies of Secur-
, ii i m uiooe. All members of this
ri'v will nlpasp shnv thmi- .rmmihr
by' attending the funeral, which wiU
announced later.
MR. HERN.
MRS. Off.
Sister-in-law.
2 23
FRANCE DENIES U. S.
ASKED TO KILL BILL
. 'Review Leased jnn
-.w iVV.O OUA1
tlle war expenses of the allies, or wipe
cvt the debt of the allies to the Uni
ted States, ever has been discussed
among financial representatives of the
narions. it was stated today by Treas
ury officials.
This statement was prompted by re
ports that French officials had agitat
ed thia course among peace conference
delegates in Paris. The treasury has
an official denial from the French gov
ernment that any authorized French
spokesmen made proposals to this ef- K
feet to President Wilson cr other t
American representatives
AMERICAN FRATERNAL
CONGRESS IS FORMED
l?y Review Lensed Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. 22. The American
. , - ,H , ,.,,,. ... ,r
hS ad f the 7 f
Aioerica. was chosen president, and
John Not ley of Fulton. Ills., of the
1 Mlsti; Workers of ti e World, scire-,
'ta-y. 1
i 1
TIRE IN DENN MINE;
200 OUT OF WORK
Approxiniauly -'" men are idle as
tlv result of a fire in the IK-nn initio
of thj Shattuck-Arizona Copper com
pany. The fire has leeu burning for
a week and miue officials are at a los ,
.a.- o wheu it can 'm pft itudtr ivn-1
tr-L 1
LOWELL EULOGIZED
AS 600 CELEBRATE
POET'S CENTENNIAL
:
'
RrrtntAtivs rf Amwira
Australia, England and
Canada Present
(By Review lA-asvtl Wire)
.NEW YORK, Feb. 22. The James
Russel Lowed centenary celebration,
he!d under the auspices of the Ameri-
ran A o" H . iri - Ykf Arte anA 1 atk
eJ todav with literarv exercises at
lead,;d about 600 member "and cue t-
0tne academv in ludin- repr'Vnta
..-. r, rvilj-j V, , Jl.t'.,.
! ira.ia. as well
as well as tte Lnited Staues
i William Milliwatt Sloane. chancefloi
jof the academy, presided and suggest
ed the "sense of the meeting" in his
opening address, when he sail "'the
common adventure of English spea
ins: men of the world around has re
vealed us to ourselves. We are now
;.rd hcrceforth one iu action and we
.'l ive a!-.-ays beer, in a common lia
erty expressed in common institu
iions and a common speech. A mo
ment like that in which we are liv
; :ng marks consummation of oih
: heart's Jesire."
; The binding force of the common
t language of the United States. Canad.
"
ii-i Australia was emphasized bv ai.
P--r as me import&n
speakers as was the
place that language has taken through
out the world.
. t.agar Le .Masters of euicago anc
; Alfred Xoyes, British poet, read orig
inal poems touching on the nes tu
bind the English speaking countries.
Prc-f. Swanson Butler Lea cock of it
rocto, asserting that "we have hear;,
too much of our differences of opin
ion." he declared. "we know now tna.
when the test comes, we stana or fa
together, and really does not by an
-. ork of diplomacy or an operation o;
courts and diplomats, but that we d
tiis because we have something th
1
is infinitely more common than thai
a common history and literature
And better than that and higher thai
taai oi common literature, we nave
the inspirations that lie behind anu
are the basis of our English and ..mer
:?an literature." j
WILLIE RITCHIE MAY
- RE-ENTER FIGHT RING
' lBv Revtew ia--.j wir)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22. Thert
vras much discussion today over the
possibilities of Willie-Ritchie, forme,
i.ghtweight champion of the world, re
. tarnine to the rinr a- a rii-.if nf'iht
; rress and ringside decision that
j won last night over Bennv Leonard
tie tit,e holder. Ritchie has mads no
efmite announcemen! as yet. but
seme of his close friends would not
be surprised if he made an attempt
to win the welterweight title.
Ritchie surprised the crowd with
uie speea ne snowed iron? the start. It
j was disclosed he had boxed a couple
'cf rounds with a sparrius partner iusi
tefore entering the ring for his bom
with Leonard.
w . "
BELLA KUN. BUDAPEST
COMMUNIST, LYNCHED
LONDON. Sunday, Feb. 23. The
Communist leader Be)a Kun, of Buda
pest, has been lynched, according to a
dispatch from the Berlin correspon
dent of Reuter's limited, quoting a
message from the Hungarian capital.
The action is said to be the result ol
popular indignation at the attempts of
the communists to undermine order.
TO REGISTER ARMY MEN
(By Review Leased Wire
NEW YORK, Feb. 22. A bureau of
registration by states of all men in
service arriving in this city has been
opened here by the congress of states
society, a federation representing ev
ery state in the union, according to an
announcement today.
Mu
An All Star Cast
COM
i
3
x
8
Also RUTH
CLIFFORD in
In Six Big
U. S. Irish Urge
Freedom for
Emerald Isle
Convention Demands Right of
Self-Determination for
Ireland
i:y Review Leased Wir)
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 22.
Eloquent appeals for freedom of
Ireland and bitter arraignment of
England marked the opening ses
sions today of the convention
of Irish race. The enventiou.
which is being held uuder the
auspKes of the Friends of Irish
Freedom, seut a cablegram to Car
dinal Mercier of Belgium, thank
ing him for his contribution to
the cause of world freedom and
" another to Edward de Valera. of
the provincial government of Ire
land, explaiuir.g the purpose of the
meeting, which was caMea to de
mand for Ireland the right of seif
determination. AH the speakers, including Jus
tice Daniel F. Gohalan of the New
York supreme court; the Very
Rev. Peter E. Masennis or New
York, president of the Friends of
Irish Freedom; Representative
Thomas Gallagher of Illinois, and
the Rev. Francis MeCabe. presi
dent of IV Pauk university, eni
phasiieJ the rii.ht of the Irish to
liberty.
This committee has not indicat
ed when it will disclose officially
the action the'council took regard
ing the coastwise strike proposal,
which had admittedly had beed be
, fore the council.
WILLARD, DEMPSEY
INSURED FOR $50,000
' tievjew incased Wire)
crtiCAUO. Feb. 22. Application
.or insurance policies of $50,000 bach
for Jess Willard. world's champion ; 58136 PaT s men. in the same service,
aeavyweight pugilist. Jack Dempsey, i 1 have also introduced a memorial to
challenger for the title, and Tex Rick-' congress, asking that the war and navy
Jd, promoter of the bout for next July j departments be instructed to permit
4. are under consideration by Lloyd's ! hoys in the service to retain the cloth
n London, it was learned today. Rick- ' inS they have at the time of discharge.
:rd will pay the premiums on the to-! We are new trying to put through a
si ot 313U.UCV to safeguard himself
against possible financial loss.
COL. HOUSE VISITS
PPCKfiro rT? en a XTr" ' touse for bU1 to enlarge the state
rKTJVULK Ut 1-KANCE school for the deaf. dumb, feeb'.e
Py Review Leased wire) j minded and blind at Boulder. I se-
IARIS. Feb. 22. During the day cured passage of this measure in the 1
Premier Clemenceau received Cot. Ed-! house two years aco, but it was held
ward M. House and Henry White of ' up in the senate bv the law forbidding
the American reace mission. reception of house tills there after '
In the evening Foreign Minister , the fiftieth day oi the session. This '
Pichon called again with Finance bill provides for secregation of the
Minister Klotz. M. Pichon said the feeble-minded and for the cottage'
-""un itpun was verv lavrrsnip
while M. Klotx remarked that the pre
mier now admits he must avoid fa
tigue. WAR RISK BUREAU TO
RESUME PAYMENTS
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. The sen-
c vviii.iL patru mtr uuuse Dill ttl-
recting the war risk insurance bureau
to resume payment of allotments to
enlisted men of the army and navy.
wnich it discontinued last July. Be-1
cause of minor amendments, the bill !
was sent to conference. The cases of !
m;r.r "r..!": 1 ,"c
are .d Cth.P.inr
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
FOR SALE 5100 worth lumber and
doors ?25. Suitable for chicken
houses. Thcne Green Sll, or ad
dress Box 2043, Bisbee, Arii. 2-26
FOR SALE McCaskey register. 200
accounts. Address Box 2043. Bisbee,
Arii. Phoue Green Sll. 2-26
FOR SALE Fire proof safe. 24 inches !
inside. Phone Green Sll, or address ! I
Box 2043. Bisbee. Arix. 2-26 j ;
i
FOR SALE Lunch counter outfit :
complete, or any part of it. Phoue ;
ureen Sll, or address Box 2043. Bis-
bee. Ariz.
NG-Monday, Tuesday
EXTRA ADDED ATTR
BERT
Vor
12-PEOPLE-12
SOME CLASSY SHOW .
Lore
Tarts and PATHE presents
6SHANDSUP
FOR EVERYTHING
GOOD, TWO WOMEN
LEGISLATORS SAY
Montana Representatives Tell
of Bills They Hope to
Have Passed
HELENA. Mont, Feb. 22. (By the
Associated Press.) Emma A. Ingalls,neS3 ot the explosion last October at
of Kalispell Fltheaa county , and Gillespie munitions plant, at Mor-
.xiaggie amun nainaay or Stevens- j N. the senatd Mas stormed
ville, Ravalli county, are the only twojtodsT by the military affair sub-com-women
m the Montana legislature, miUee which filed a irport covering
Both occupy seats In the lower hoise ft. investisration. Rooommndatlons
and to:h served in the preceding as -
jsembly. That they lack in number
they have maae up In enterprise. They
..t.r- i.4i..;..ui-w a uiMui'iHuuuam inquiry luto the conduct of army f
share ct the 175 bills that have made fleers responsible for conditions at the
their nrpearance.and many of the Gillespie plant.
most imDortant rvieces of liri'atin I I
have emanated from them.
"Mrs. Ingalls and I are Interested
J in everything that is good and opposed
I to everything that is pernicious. said
Mrs, Hathaway. Like her sister as
i sembiywomaa. Mrs, Hathaway is a '
convincing speaker and has the busi-'
ness of both houses at her fingers" i
ends.
What They've Done '
"What have we done?" she repeated.
"A suffrage memorial, sking con-'
gress to enfranchise the women of the .
land, introduced jointly by Mrs. In
galls and myself, has already passed
both houses, been signed by Governor
Stewart and gone to the national'
houses. It was also my pleasure to in
troduce the house joint resolution fa
voring a league of nations to preserve
peace. This measure is now in the '
house, where committee reports are '
favorable,
"Mrs. Ingalls has put in a bill to
establish a separate vocational school r
for girls a sore need in the state for
a long time, I have introduced an
, equal wage bill to grar.t women the
: bill Tor a minimum wage for
! in Montana,
women
I Plan to Eniargs School
' nv? have Pmlse of support in the
i riin
plan a reform long ceded in the ;
Louiaer scnooi. it has also been my :
pleasure to draft a bill for the Auur-,
icanization of our schools, as it is my !
come -one of us. he must learn ouri
i "L.fc!! Jm" I
- ,,v. r ..,
sembly. Mrs. Ingalls and I are also
opposing the plan to legally revive
boxir.g in the state and the provision
to permit gambling at the fairs,
"We are working on economic meas
ures health insurance and revision of
taxation laws. We are carefully look
;mg over al, school questions. I waa
Monday
Night
MRS. SALES ACADEMY
Music by Long's Orchestra
EVERYBODY INVITED
I
and Wednesday-COMING
T1EATE1
ACTION THE FAMOUS
LOU
Worth
Comedy
of Luxury
RUTH ROLAND in the 5th
99
formerly county superintendent in He
lena and think I am qualified to epeak
about eduetUon. We are interested in
tree public iiight schools for adults, as
a part cf Amerlcanisatlon." '
Both Representatives Ingalis and
Hathaway air adept parliamentarians.
WAR DEPARTMENT IS
BLAMED FOR BLASTS
tRy Rvlew LeseJ Wtr)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. Concen
tration of energies and excessive
quantities ot explosives by order ot
war department officials and in dis
regard of New Jersey laws, was re
sponsible for much ot the destructive-
jtnciude federal legislation to resrulate
i storage of explosives near populous
; centers and a rigid war department
This
Store
Believes
In
Quality
C If you are looking for real
satisfaction, want to
show you our new line of
'Spring Hats.
They are original and dis
tinctive in style and they
are built to wear.
Make your selection now
while the assortment is com
plete in sizes.
See Our Window
For Display of
These New
HATS
Our make GOOD policy in
sures SATISFACTION.
Lowell Haber
dashery Co.
LOWELL
Co.
civ d
A Bevy of Pretty Girls
99
Episode of SIX
THE EiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1919.
CAUFORNIANS WILL
LAUNCH REFERENDUM
AGAINSTDRY' LAWS
Ratification of National Pro
hibition Amendment
Is Fought
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22.-Califor-nia
will launch a referendum move
ment against national prohibition on
Saturday. March 8, it was announced
here today by the executive commit
tee of the California Grape Protective
association. The campaign will be
started at an open meeting of grape
Interestis in all parts of the state.
The state legislature recently ratified
the national amendment.
In order to place the issue on the
ballot 24.433 names, or five per cent
cf the vote cast for governor In the
November election will be necessary
on the state-wide petition, it was an
nounced. An attempt will be made to
get 75.C00 names on the petition in
San Francisco alone.
The meeting here will be followed
"by others throughout the state. An
nouncement was made that the grape
association was co-operating with the
other leading anti-prohibition inter
ests of the state in launching the pe
titions.
Tips of the Town
REAL ORE BODY
STRUCK BY C, & J.
GOES TO EL PASO
S. L. Phiiiips and Een Kuran
yesterday morning "or El Paso.
left
HUGHIE JENNINGS BURIED
The funeral of Hughie Jennings, son
cf Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jennings, was
held yesterday morning from the
Catholic church.
FROM TOMBSTONE
William Elliott of the county engi
neer's office at Tombstone, js in the
vity visiting his wife and daughter.
TAKES POISON
J. Hidrill. a Mexican youth of 0
years, was taken suddenly ill yester
day afternoon at his home in GIeeson,na3
ana later aiea. navmg drank a large
quantity of wood alcohol. He died
without giving any reason why he
drank the poison.
22. Real ore
; Calumet &
VISITING PARENTS
Sergt. Ernest Beyer, stationed at
Camp Harry J. Jones, is In Bisbee,
visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.
C. Beyer.
GOES TO TEXAS
S. H. Wallace left yesterday for
Wichita Falls, Texas, where he will
make his home with his mother.
MOONEY IMPROVING
Tom Mooney
tmues to improve. His condition
regarded as hopeful by surgeons.
BOOTLEGGER CONVICTED
Bert Hockett was convicted of boot
legging in the Superior court at
Tombstone yesterday.
tenced tomorrow.
Ho will be sen-
FROM DOUGLAS
Constable Newman of Douglas was
In Bisbee yesterday attending to legal
business.
CHORAL CLUB MEETING
The Choral club, under the leader
ship, of Mrs. Charlotte Acams Gil!,
will meet at the Y. W. C. A. on Wed
nesday evenings instead of on Mondays.
GIRLS' RESERVE" PLANNED
local patrolman, con-! ? , ru .Jun,or a sins.
j Moore, are, planning to organize a
! "Girls' Reserve," This movement is
national.
13 i
RETURNS FROM ARMY
Ed Hall returned yesterday from
service in the army. He expects to
return to work soon.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22. Edward
Hannah, president of the New York
Central federation union, announced
tonight that he had received, tele
grams from labor leaders In cities
throughout the country, approving the
action of nearly 200.000 New York
union workers in voting strikes, ef
fective on July 1 to enforce the "no
Deer no work" slogan, and pledging
similar action in the near future.
Some of the cities, Mr. Hannah,
said, were Los Angeles. Cincinnati,
Seattle, San Francisco, Chicago. Day
ten. St. Louis Kansas City, and Mil
waukee. Mr. Hannah added that about 150,000
more union men in New York city
would vote on the "no beer no work"
movement this week.
VISITING IN GLOBE
Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Ell in wood
visiting their daughter, Mrs. S.
Morris, wife cf a Globe attorney.
are
H.
MUSICAL SHOW AT THE
GRAND THEATER
The famous DeVore & Worth Musi
cal comedy company opens a short en
gagement at the Grand theater Mon
day. DeVore & Worth have one of the
classiest little organizations that ever
set the heartse fluttering In a bald
headed row and during the engage
ment they will introduce the very
latest song hits and dancing novelties.
They have a beauty chorus; Chick,
dainty and smart they know how to
sing and to put the pep Into their
dancing. The costumes are some of
the latest creations and the musical
numbers the kind that you will be
whistling for several days after.
Lew Worth is one of the best black
face comedians in the business. He 1
RETURNS TO CAMP
Lieut. Ben S. Chase left yesterday
morning for Camp Zachary Taylor.
ECONOMICS DEMONSTRATION
The Home Economics department of
the Twentieth Century club will con
duct demonstrations on practical econ
omy every day this week from 9 until
4 o'clock at the Y. W. C. A. Miss
Louise Sporleder will give helpful
talks during the afternoon sessions,
and the public is invited to attend.
NEW Y W C A CHAIRMAN
The f nl Inuirnr rm on
1,-t- -K, V. .; 1 it. . " - .irv-
"-ucu. 11c iuu two denartmenta nf tho v
been visiting his parents. Mr. and
Mrs. Ben S. Chase, Sr and sister,
Mrs. J. T. Hoy.
LEAVES FOR EAST
School Superintendent C. F. Phil
brook left last night for Chicago.
WILL RETURN HOME
Sergt. Clarence J. Stetson, who is
now at Camp Kearny, Cal., will re
ceive his discharge from the army this
week and return home immediately,
according to word received here yesterday.
NEW CARS ARRIVE
The Bisbee Auto company unloaded
a carload of Studebaker automobiles
yesterday. Among them were two
four and two six-cylinder cars, respectively.
W. C. A.
have been appointed for this year:
Mrs. W. C. Bryan, religious; Mrs.
Richard Thbmas, girls work; airs. T.
L. Houston, membership; Mrs. F. L.
Hatter, social; Mrs. Gerald Sherman,
house; Mrs. .N. C. Bledsoe, educa
tional; Mrs. J. B. Rowlings, finance,
and Mrs. E. A. Crocker, cafeteria.
BUELA BYERLY DIES
Buela Byerly, 19 years old, died
Friday night at her home in Upper
Lowell, after having been ill with
pneumonia. The body is at the Hen
nessy Undertaking parlos awaiting
funeral arrangements.
DAY IN MOUNTAINS
Mrs. Montgomery, , Miss Mildred
Montgomery and G. J. Ellis spent
Wednesday taking pictures In the
Huachuca mountains.
TO TOMBSTONE ATTENDS FUNERAL
me rouowing seven men will go to; Albert Zeh of Dougas was in the
7omostone tomorrow to serve as jur- city yesterday and attended the
ors: J. L. Ashby, T. E. Carney, John j eral of Hughie Jennings.
.iwomey, jonn Aonon, is. ijunne, jas.
fun-
Crawford and M. Eibes.
i
V. L.U ' - . , . I
lias ueiu eiiBiuineiu3 w:m some ci ; James
lie Dest, ana ms DiacKiace numDers
are a riot on any bill. !
The company will be here for three j
days starting Monday.
Look out for your favorite chorus j
girl, SHE IS A BISBEE GIRL. Adv
BISBEE GIRL ELOPES
Miss Irene Ray and Mike S. Mona
ghan, were married in Douglas last
week by the Rev. Father Rousselle.
Mbs Ray is from Bisbee, while Mona
gban's home is in Butte.
The couple, who eloped to be mar
ried, were happily surprised last Fri
day evening by a party given in their
honor at the residence of Mrs. Crow,
the bride's sister, at Spring Cannon.
Games, music and dancing were part
of the evening's amusements. The
bride was presented with many beau
tiful gifts.
1 ANNUAL CADET HOP
j The annual cadet hop was held at
FOUND DEAD IN BED the high school gymnasium last Friday
Mary Hern, 40 years old, .wife of ' night at 8 o'clock. The hall and staee
Hern, was found dead in her were decorated with American flasrs
bed yesterday morning by. her hus-1 and streamers. Assembly was sounded
band. Mrs. Hern had been under the , at 8 o'clock and was followed by the
care of a local doctor for several grand march, which van led hv n
! weeks on account of heart trouble ' Marie Bartlett and Maior D. M ravis
The body is in the case of the Palace . who is the cadet instructor. Fifty
Undertaking company. Funeral ar-' couples attended the military hop and
rangements will be announced later. during the evening refreshments were
FROM TOMBSTONE
Paul Smith, postmaster
stone, is visiting here.
SHERIFF GOES TO NACO
Sheriff James McDonald went
Naco yesterday on business.
served.
GUESTS AT COPPER QUEEN
of Tomb- TEACHERS' EXAMINATION.
The regiflar quarterly teachers' ex
amination will be held in the office
of the county school superintendent
to at. Tombstone, the first Monday and
Tuesday of March (March 3 and 4).
j Applicants will notify the county su
perintendent at once of their inten-
Among the guest3 at the Copper, tion to take the examination
Queen hotel are: F. D. Hamilton, E-
J. Robers, C. Stites and Frank Hodges j
of Cananea and D. L. Jones of Pueblo, j
Colorado. I
Manhattan Cafe
PHONE 165 BREWERY GULCH
75c Today's Special 75c
Sunday French Dinner
SOUP
Cream of Chicken with Rice
RELISHES
Heart3 of Celery and Olives
SALAD
Combination
MEATS
Roast Young Chicken with Dressing
Stuffed Cabbage, French Style
VEGETABLES
Potato Puree
Flazolete
."THE MIDNIGHT PATROL"
IS SCREEN SENSATION
I One of the most exciting and swift
1 ly moving dramas to be shown on the
scheen is the great special attraction
"The Midnight Patrol," which Select
Pictures announces for the Eagle the
ater today and Monday.
"The Midnight Patrol." which is a
story of life in the colorful Chinese
quarter of a western city, was pro
duced by Thomas H. Ince. It shows
the work of the police in the district,
the bravery of the bluecoats in facing
great -danger, and the cunning and
stealth of the Orientals and white men
of the underworld who live byv their
wits and the misfortune of others. Al
though melodramatic, the story is told
with fine restraint, and it is never
mawkish or overdone.
Two of the principal characters are
Patrolman Terrence Shannon, a good
looking young policeman of the better
type, and. Patsy O'Connell, a brave
Irish girl, who is in charge of the
Chinese Rescue Home. These two
characters are well played by Thurs
ton Hall and Rosemary Theby. Both
players are well known for their ex
cellent work in other pictures, and
their acting in "The Midnight Patrol"
will bring them fresh laurels. Adv.
BALL ENDS SHRINE'S -
VICTORY CEREMONIAL
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 22 The Vic
tory ceremonial of the Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine, which opened yester
day, was brought to a close tonight
with a balL The program of the cere
monial was an elaborate one and in
cluded the initiation of a large num
ber of novices. The call for the garn
ering was sent out by El Zaribah
temple and was answered by Shrin
ers from many points in Arizona and
in other states.
DESSERT
Apple Dumpling, Cinnamon
DRINKS
Coffee or Tea
Sauce
GREAT LAKES SWIMMERS WIN
(Pv Review ienxed Wire)
DETROIT. Mich., Feb. 22. Great
Lakes Naval Training station swim
mers carried off the honors in the
Central A. A. U. swimming champion
ship meet here tonight, winning three
of the four events for men and one
new association record went to a sail
or entry.
j Bud Wallen broke the 4:56 1-5 rec
j ord for the 400-yard free style hjeld by
!Hal Vollmer by making the distance
in 4:4.
JEROME. Ariz. Fob.
been struck' at il
Jerome.
Fifty to 75 feet from te race of the
old tunnol driven into the hillside Tar
up above the main shaft the diamond
dll has passed 20 feet into blue scrit
carrying cualcopj rite. Practically ail
the tore of that 20 feet shows son:e
chaleepyrite and some shows a great
deal. Xo assays have been made as
the ore was hit only last night. There
is no question, however, that the drill
has penetrated pay ore.
The drill hole is pointed at an
angle cf SO degrees and the aeprh
today is only 320 feet.
It is estimated that a dri:t of 5.r
to 75 feet from the face of the old
tunnel would hit the ore disclosed by
the driil. Probably a drift will be
started at an early date. In the mean
time, however, driliine will be con
tinued. Before the chaieopyrite was struck
the drill cores showed CO. feet cf al
most solid iron pyrite with a little
glanco.
i :
loday
ONLY
ILVR1Q
THEATER
From g
1:00 to 11:00 t
P. M. 8
At??
JESSE L. LASKY Presents Cecil a De Mille's Production
li
e a hi a m ivi hu aia f.? n w w g s
a mum wmii u is y uu
3495, AVERAGE MEN
EMPLOYED FOR WEEK
. According to the statistics compiled
by the local mining companies for use ;
of the Labor Community board, the
daily average number of men at work
for week ending February 20. was
3435. The estimated average for this
week is a little less. The idle men
in this county number 1650. The fig
ures above are sent to the U. S. Labor
Community board, by the Bisbee and :
Douglas bureau of employment.
With BRYANT WASHBURN
g It is a picture ycu will remember to your last day. It will inspire, enthrall you. See It.
also
Pafhe News t No. 1 1
News of all the world. Sees all knows all. And for a good laugh see
lim SummervIIle
in "BEAUTY AND BOOTY"
Admission: Lower floor, 15c; B&lcony, 10c;
Includes the War Tax.
Reserved 25c
; This f
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
TRY THE REVIEW. WANT ADS FOk QUICK RESULTS
SPECIAL
TO-DAY!'
E2
RAMI' THEAIEE-iiSl
r ,
?
I . ; ' . - r
I 1 ;4n - . -.1
i . r -
f j
j t . - ...'S, . 'SS
: -v"rv . - - v a
r .-',. ; V ,
It .t j; ? . . -; jv ' - St
,
SCREEN CLASSICS, INCORP., PRESENTS THE GREAT
Lime.
nova in
A seven part Screen Classic Marvel Drama that looses the floodgates of Passion and
Revenge. Also, A Triangle Keystone Comedy
T1
JS.J
f!E DOUBLE FLIVVER"
And, an Added Extra Attraction ,
NAZlMOVAin-TOYS OF FATE"
WASD JSOHIi Lyric Tenor
Singer of Irish Melodies, who has a range of over two Octaves.
AFTER EVERY SHOW
Will sing for you
ADMISSION:
LOWER FLOOR, 25c;
BALCONY, 15c;
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX.
Aim
TODAY
Continuous 1 to 11
and Monday
Shows Start, 1:00, 2:40, 4:20:6:06l 7:40, 9:20
Thos. H. Ince's Great Special 6-Act Attraction
.-..
t Mil ir -tTT-lliT 1 ! ; ." -
IT ol
n
mull
WITH ACTION
THAT MOVES FASTER
THAN A BROWNING
MACHINE GUN
EVERY MINUTE
A THRILL
EVERY THRILL
A SENSATION
"THE MIDNIGHT PATROL
' ThOS. M. INCE
1
A STIRRING STORY OF LOVE, INTRIGUE, AND LAWLESSNESS, IN THE CHINESE UNDERWORLD OF
A WESTERN CITY
In All, One of the Host Exciting and Swiftly Hoving Dramas Ever Screened
YOU'LL THOROUGHLY ENJOY IT. DONTMISSIT. ALSO,
EOX COMEDY IN TWO PARTS "HIS BOMB POLICY."
MUSIC BY GRIBBLE'S ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION:
l
CHILDREN, 15c
ADULTS, 25c, any seat
This includes Tax. i
fee I
-Off
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 246.
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
mm
s
f
5
i
t
f
- i
. i
: t
t -
i
DETAILS OF
INCOME TAX
E-
Bachelor, Benedict, Widow
and Maid, This Story Tells
How Uncle Sam Plans to
Effect Your Pocketbooks
"WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 22. Mr.
Bachelor, was your net income for
191S. $1000 or mroe?
Mr. Benedict, "was your net income
for 1918, $2000 or more
If so, you are required to file an in
come tax return with the collector of
internal reTcnue for the district in
"which you live, on or before March 15.
Congress has carefully dirrerenti
ated between the person who "failB
and the person who "willfully refuses'
to make a return and pay the tax
within the time specified by the new
revenue bilL Delinquents of the first
class are subject to a fine of not more
than $1000. Those of the second class
are subject to a fine of not more than
$10,000, or imprisonment for one year,
or both. For making a fraudulent re
turn, the penalty is a fine of not more
than $10,000 or imprisonment for one
year, or both, and an additional as
sessment of 50 per cent of the amount
of tax evaded.
For failing to make the return on
time, in addition to the $1000 fine,
there is an assessment of 25 per cent
of the amount of tax due.
Payment Earlier
Taxes may be paid in full at the
time of making the return, or in four
installments, the first of which, is due
on or before March 15, the second on
or before June 15, the third on or be
fore September 15 and the fourth on
or before December 15.
If any installment Is not paid when
due, the entire amount becomes due
ten days after demand therefor by the
collector. For failing" to pay the tax
when due there is a penalty of- 5 per
cent of the amount unpaid, plus in
terest at the rate of 1 per cent a
month during which it remains un
paid. Last year income taxes were due
on or before June 15. The Bureau
of internal revenue is seeking to em
phasize that this year, to avoid pen
alty, the taxpayer must pay at least
one-fourth of his tax on or before
March 15.
With the passage of the new rev
enue bill the question of how proper
ly to make out an income tax return
for 1919 presents itself to millions of
taxpayers. The answer to this ques
tion was obtained from the bureau of
internal revenue, the government's coC
lection agency.
Many Changes
The new revenue bill, as it affects
Individuals, differs materially from the
war revenue act of October 3, 1917.
and preceding acts. Probably the
most important change is the rate, the
exemptions of $1000 for single per
sons and -$2000 for married persons
and heads of families remaining the
same as under the 1917 act.
The normal rate of tax under the
act of 1917 was 2 per cent on the net ;
income of single persons in excess of .
$1000 and 2 per cent on the net in-j
come of married persons and heads j
of families in excess of $2000. ,
The normal rate of tax under the
new act is 6 per cent on the first
$4000 of net income above the ex
emptions, and 12 per cent on the re
maining net income. This applies to
citizens and residents of the United
States. Income from property in the
United States owned by non-resident
aliens is subject to the full normal
tax of 12 per cent. For 1919 and sub
sequent years the rates are fixed at
4 and 8 per cent respectively. The sur
tax rates have been changed. Tanging
from 1 per cent of the amount of the
net income between $5000 and $6000
to 65 per cent of the amount by which
the net Income exceeds $1,000,000.
How It Affects Bachelors
The tingle man with a net income
for 1918 or $2000 will pay this year
a tax of $60. the man with an Income
of $3000 will pay $120, the $4000 man
will pay $180 and the $5000 man will
pay $240. all at the rate of 6 per cent
on his net income above his personal
exemption of $1000. The single man
-with an Income for 1918 of $6000 will
pay $370. lie is taxed at the rate of
6 per cent on his first $4000 above
tiie exemption and at 12 percent on
the remaining $1000, a total of $360
In addition he pays surtax on $10, one
per cent of the amount of his income
between $5000 and $6000.
The taxpayer is allowed, in addition
to his personal exemption of $200 for
each person dependent upon for chief
support, if such person is under thej
age of 18 years or incapable of self-!
support. Under the 1917 act the $200
exemption was allowed only for each
dependent "child" of the person mak
ing the return, or. in the case of a
head of a family, for each dependent
child of the family. A head of a fam
ilyone who supports one or more
persons closely connected with him by
DON'T PITY UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIERS;
LOOK OUT OR THEY'LL GET
V.TTH. THE
PROPER.
. INTERPRETER
THE BUND CAM
ENJOY THE
By T. A. JOHNSTONE
N. E. A. Staff Correspondent
BALTIMORE, Md.. Feb. 22. If you
have tears to she J, prepare not to shed
them on Uncle Sam's blinded service
men. They won't need them.
Instead, if you are holding a job in
some line of work for which these
blinded boys are preparing to enter,!
you'd better look out.
"Hundred per cent efficient "work
ers" will be these men with whom I
talked today in a visit to "Evergreen"
geserar hospital No. 7, the only insti
tution of its kind in the United States.
Here are sent all service men who
hare lost their sight all the totally
l-Jind, or those whose eyes are affect
ed so that they cannot make a living.
by thtir use.
Thi-re is no room for pity or senti
mentality at "Evergreen." Instead,
there is a happy community of busy
workers; getting ready to overcome the
handicap of blindness.
REFUSE TO CONSIDER
BLINDNESS A HANDICAP
The cornerstone of the work at
Evergreen is the refusal to admit that
blindness is an affliction. That is the
spirit of every man from the remark
able specialist who heads the work,
down to the last patient admitted to
'.ne hctpitai
Lieut. CoL James Bordley, director
of the Red .Cross Institute for the
Blind, is responsible, to a greater de
gree than anyone else, for the radia
tion of the spirit of good, cheer and
the positive character of the work at
Evergreen. He Is chief of the division '
in charge of the re-education of blind
ed soldiers, sailors and marines. There
are 150 men at Evergreen under his
care. Eventually he expects about 250 .
patients. j
Making normal men of blinded, '
wounded, sick and discouraged sol-;
blood relationship, relationship by '
marriage, or by adoption Is entitled
to all the exemptions granted a mar
ried person. j
In his return the taxpayer is re
quired to state specifically each item
of gross income. Gross income is de
fined as "gains, profits and income
derived from salaries, wages or com
pensation for personal service of what
ever kind and in whatever form paid,
or from professions, vocations, trade,
business .commerce, or sales or deal-'
inga in property, whether real or per
sonal, growing out of the ownership or
use of such property; also from inter
est, rent, dividends, securities, or the
transaction of any business carried on
for gain or profit, or gains or profits,
and income derived from any source
whatever." i
Tax Exemptions j
Net income, upon which the tax is
assessed, is gross Income less certain?
deductions which are more liberal
than under the preceding act. They
include the following items:
Expenses paid or incurred during
the taxable year in carrying on any
trade or business, including rentals
and a reasonableall owance for sal-
aries.
Interest paid or accrued during the
year 1918 except on indebtedness in
curred for the purchase of tax-exempt
securities, other than obligations is
sued by the United States after Sep
tember 24, 19J7. ...
Taxes pail of accrued, except in
come, war profits and excess profits
taxes, and those, assesed against local
benefits of a kind tending to improve
the value of the property.
Losses in business or trade, if not
compensated for by Insurance or oth
erwise. Losses in any transaction entered
Into for profit, not connected with the
regular business of the taxpayer.
Losses sustained by Iobb of property
not connected with the business of
tbe taxpayer If arising from fires,
storms, shipwreck or other casualty,
and if not compensated for by insur
ance. A reasonable allowance for depreci
ation of property used in business or
trade.
A reasonable allowance for deple
tion and depreciation ot property in
the case of mines, oil and gas wells
and other natural deposits.
Contributions to corporations oper
ating exclusively for charitable, relig
ious, educational, or scientific pur
poses, or for the prevention of cruel
ty to children or animals, not in ex
cess of 15 per cent of the taxpayer's
net income computed without the
benefit of this deductlea.
- mmmm-i h v&T urniiru m niniiin
AW fcult I ' m P(IRTS
diera begins at the moment the man
is admitted to the hospital. The first'
job is to find out all about the indi-;
vidual man. A1 medical man, an eye !
man, a psychologist and a specialist!
from the educationtl department co-l
operate in a thorough examination, to!
get the exact facts of his physical and j
mental state. A great many are
"shell-shock" victims.
For the first two weeks the men
feel helpless. But they are learning
to do things for themselves things
they never thought they could do. Re
sult: Confidence, optimism, resolve
to "make good." '
ENTERTAINMENT COMES
FIRST IN TRAINING -
After that the training s divided
into four periods. The first is mostly
entertainment, with very little work.
Reading classes, concerts, minstrel j state arte and with one
snow games m the gym, swimming outm speeding up road building on
bowling pnysical exercise take up . the Borderland route, Cochise county
most of the day. in the past week has added materially
To see these men sporting in the to the good roads within its boundar
big tank, diving with utmost confi- ies and has pushed forward anew in
dence, bowling wrth the accuracy of j its proposed system of road cocsfruc
experts. it is difficult to realize that j tion. Work is being done in practical
they are blind. The first effort is j ly every part of the county,
the hard one for all of them. When I On mimtv mai vnrt r
a blind man, trembling with fear, has
neverle3S made his first dive into the
tank, his fear is gone, his confidence !
has come. When, by means of a guide i
rail for his left hand he learns to j
speed the ball down the alley and to
hit he pins squarely in the center he
has marked up a peg in his self-confidence
that means much in future
training.
Preliminary work with braille type
writing and basketry accompany the
entertainment features.
. ''These men do not live in a
world of the blind," said the offi
cer who accompanied me, in ex
' planation. "This is no 'blind
community.' They live In the
same world as we do, constantly
mixing and working and playing
with sighted people."
Dancing is a big part of entertain
ing the men.
y-v . . . I
men agility ot movement and sure-!
ness Of motion thnt hplra them u-lth '"-"" xjuicu oivu u'ci
wSlng . 2nd SaL?ngE wXn Kirta Sily,elcreek' bIldinS of a graded,
gives the confidence that comes from dramed road from SilTer creek to Ber-1
dotal a normal nleaVant 7hhf i!11110' a graded' drained road from
normal way Plea3ant thlne alpearce to Cochise. and a road across
it rta ti, ma ,w ..k I the dl7 lake near Cochise. These bids
- - r- uu via nuu
training that will enable him to com-'
pete with the normal men for the rest
of his life and beat them at their own
game of making a living. I
RESTORING THE LOST J
30 PER CENT OF EFFICIENCY
That is the whole spirit of Bver
green. It is figured that a blind man
has lost 30 per cetn of his efficiepcy.
The work here is to restore that 30
per cent by training and extra effi
ciency of body and mind. j
In the second period the men are !
given advancedtraining in various vo- j
cationai branches, from which they
may later choose an occupation. Thai
third period is one of specialization.!
They pick their future occupation and '
learn all there is to learn about it '
more in some cases than sighted men 1
working on the outside. A bookbinder I
who learns his trade here is as good!
a bookbinder as there is In the United :
States. j
In the fourth period the specializa-'
tion is carried further, and the man's '
mother, wife, sister or sweetheart is '
brought to Evergreen to be taught
tow to co-operate with the blind man,
how to be helpful and sympathetic '.
without spoiling his self-confidence. A:
number of weddings have taken place
at Evergreen. Some of the first men;
to be received are approaching the pe-!
riod of their graduation. All of tbem
are well on the ro4 to happy, normal, i
useful lives. ,
IANE A. VERY ?CPVLAR.CiACbli I - -
-sketch tj b 13S$
H CAPITAL. NO. T
3 ALT I MCR.E Ma
CO. ROAD WORK
DURING PAST WEEK
Construction on Links
State Highway Is
Being Rushed
in
With five county highway gangs at
work, with the highway commission
I the general fund five gangs are at
(work: One on the road north from
Benson toward Rpddinptnn- QomnH
finishing a two-mile stretch leading
from the Hereford-Ft. Huachuca road
near Jack's place to the summer resort
of Ramsey; a third between Bernadion
and Rodeo; a fourth in the big cut
out of Lowell; and the" fifth crew In
keeping the road open between Lowell
and Forest The second outfit will
soon move to the Palominas road to do
some needed work.
Addition of new stock to the couny
stables during the week by Engineer
Sidney Smyth, enabled him to put on j
a few more men. and it is announced ;
j the increase in force will continue as
iasi as practicame.
Following a busy week the Cochise
County Highway commission has map-
ped out several contracts to be let at
lUs UiClUIg Ul 1UU1
me meeiuig oi iuarca a, wnen uias i
rr, VLT.
Get Victory Garden Book
New Edition fully illustrated for every reader of
THE DAILY REVIEW
We have arranged with the National W'ar Garden
Commission, Maryland Building, Washington, D. C,
for you to get this Free Garden Book of instructions.
Send this coupon and a two cent ctamp for postage
NOW to
NATIONAL WAR GARDEN COMMISSION
Maryland Building Washington, D. C.
Herewith two cent stamp for postage for which
please send me your Victory Garden Book free.
(Please Write Plainly)
Name
Street '
City. .v. State
WARNING! Fill out these blanks SEND STAMP
YOUR JOB
; LOS AXGELES, Calif., Feb. 2
j Evidence that scores of persons in
j Arizona are conducting a thriving
business in illegal importations of
liquor into that dry state is in the
. i .
uuuus oi government investigators
and a vigorous campaign has been in
augurated to stamp out the traffic.
Prominent men and women are said
to have been involved in the confes
sions made by prisoners recently ar
rested in California and Arizona. Al
so police and other officials in Ari
zona are accused of engaging in the
whisky traffic or winking at it.
"Some amazing stories have been
told to me," said Assistant United
States Attorney Gordon Lawson yes
terday. "I have heard of fortunes be
ing acquired in the last year by those
who have trafficked in whisky on a
large scale.
"Women are said to have been per
sisted offenders. I am told that wo
men of wealth and prominence have
come to Los Angeles and returned
with enough Whisky concealed In
false pockets in their skirts to pay
the expenses of fieir trips.' Others
have carried ' suitcases and trnnksful
of the booze back to Arizona. Several
persons have informed us that whisky
is easily obtainable anywhere in Ari
zona today by the man who has the
price. The profits reaped by the boot
leggers aTe i)ig."
George Obey, a negro, brought to
Los Angeles from Fresno for shipping
a trunkful of whisky to Tucson. Ariz..
pleaded guilty in United States dis
trict court and begged to be allowed
time to pay a fine in monthly install
ment. -
j will call for a large amount of cement.
! reinforcing steel and iron culverts.
Work between Bisbee and Douglas
has progressed rapidly the past week.
With the arrival of needed pipe con
tractors are prepared to begin laying
concrete out of Douglas when weath
er permits.
Before the close of the next week
some of the Benson-Tombstone stretch !
will have been opened to traffic " Five ,
contractors are rushing work oa this j
division. j
State Highway Work
Under direction of Foreman Chad-
wick the state highway west ot Tomb-;
st one from the Tranmann Gulch to a'
point 700 feet west of the Scheffelln 1
monument was opened to trarnc laat
Thursday. This link of road, of de-.
composed granite surface, running !
through granite boulders past the ;
granite spire mar King tne ounat piace :
"?e er!" rD"""!' !
OI lne most ueiiuiuui sireauca m mo
county. The grade is easy and the
roadwork. engineered by Jenkina and ,
constructed by Chadwick. is excellent.:
The camp is making, a good showing'
in cost and work turned out.
DD
El
GREASES
PRESTIGE
EiTS
Wilson's Sane. Mederate and Fair Views in Peace Confer
ence Have Commanded Respect, Confidence and Admira
tion of Other Diplomats, Says Correspondent; Big Change
Noticeable in the Attitude of European Newspapers
By VICTOR
PARIS, Feb. 22. iSetial Correspon
dence) Without a doubt, the most In
teresting development 6ince the close
of the war has been the amazing in
crease in the power and popularity ot
President Wilson, and the accompany
ing growth in the moral prestige of
the American nation abroad. .
When the George Washington left
tioooKen eany in uecemoer. tne air i Developments in the peace confer
was dark with foreboding. The news j ence, which cannot be explained min
paper press of the east was almost j utely in cabled reports, may be mis
unanimously opposed to the presi-j understood in America if our peoplo
aent s venture, unpleasant rumors
were afloat to the effect that the elder
statesmen of the entente had no inten
tion of giving the American peace del
egation anything to say at the confer
ence, and that America wauld he hu
miliated through the rebuffs that
would be given the president, and the
failure of his plans.
' Today, President Wilson is undoubt
ed master of the situation, and Amer
ica, in consequence, holds a position
In the world's esteem tnat no nation
ever held before; a position which we
should prize and cherish above any
material advantage
and
which we
should strive to hold.
Before I begin my analysis, it
would perhaus be well to adopt tho
plan of Mark Sullivan and William
Allen White, and explain that I have
never voted for President Wilson for
any office.
Why did th president's critics have
occasion to revise their judgments so
6oon? Why was it that within a week
after the arrival of the presidential
pary in France, the air was cleared
of all fear of any plots to elbow the
United States out of any real partici -
pation in the peace conference? And
ow came it that the stock of our
country, as a nation, went up another
id points?
Our Traveling Salesman
This is my personal view: that the
president not only won by his words
,nd bearing the respect and confi-
dence of thoughtful people and thei"pon our commo fui of common
.deration of the masses; he also. tofors? sense- a? , wel1 s uF-a ties of
use an American colloquialism, -sold- 0Id fnd .ur identical language,
ihe United States to Europe as no na -I T, tne American abroad, whether
tion had ever been piaced before the soUjtT r civilian, America never has
world before. In other words. the!uu'kea so orin wai1- so nsprtring.
president made his country look big-; "s no"" ,LJery man ln tho arm" ,onsrs
ser and finer, and more generous andllCr laud Pnty; every man is
less sellish. and more wiiling to giveja5 arrUnlt lriot. After the laden
disinterested service to mankind, than s?s nd the mud of France, the
anvone else had ever aoue. j blu nnine the clear skies, the
It seems to me that the best way!"Ssp e clean streets of our
to account for the president's power Lome ,C .S 1 Vm like heaven to
is to remember that nis views and the returning warriors. V
plans are always sane, moderate and i . K " ver! .sreat Privilege to be an
fair. His vision and his grasp of de-j Amerln cituen. and one of the best
Uils are remarkable. He does not!?ays that privilege is to
leave anything out of account. He i e true an,d smcevre f,riend to ,h
cannot be swayed against one ally by i ir:e;id!-v People of other lands,
another. Underlying his other quali-' .
ties is the determination that the ! A. E. F. UNITS KNOWN
whole world must be benefitted by the
coming peace; that small nations as
well as large shall have what is right
fully theirs, but no more.
To France, shaken, broken and
bleeding from four years of exhaust
ing struggle, to England, tried to the
utmost by the war, and to the aspiring
small nations of Europe. America
v ; ., ... .v -
D""' "su .'uui't, i wo
w-orld. Unexhausted by the war, richer
than all the other considerable powers
combined, teeming with raw materials,
liberal with credit, such Is the Amert-1
ca pictured before their eyes.
Our Liberal Gifts
America to them is the country
whose people freely gave $750,000,000
for war relief work through the Red
Cross, the Y. M. C. A., the Salvation
Army, and. Belgian relief commissions,
to say nothing or a host of other agen
cies. Perhaps our pivings totaled a
billion dollars. Xo other country ever
contributed bo much thrugh the free
will offerings of private individuals.
The American army in France has
advertised our country well. Our men
average head and shoulders taller than
those about them in French towns;
they are well dressed; well fed. com-tone
fortable looking, and as a rule quiet
and splendidly behaved. No soldiers
ever fought more bravely; none ever
scorned death more courageously.
The bill recently Introduced in con-1
gress to appropriate $100,000,000 to
buy food for the starving in Europe
seemed typical of America to the peo
ple over here. While others were fig
uring out indemnities, we were plan-j
niug to give more from our store j
America holds a position in the
world's esteem I might almost say
the world's affections that we ought i
to regard as pricess. We can retain
this position only it we deserve it, and
to deserve it. we must continue in
unselfishness, In practical idealism, in i
SUCCESS
lERICi
li EUROPE
Mc NAUGHT
willingness to renounce a policy of iso
lation and continue as the defender
of the weak against such sundry bul
lies cs may emerge from time to time.
Must See Clearly
So much for our position in the eyes
of Europe: to make the story complete
we need a word as to the view we
should take of England and France.
ao not take a sane uew of the situa
tion. W? should remember that France
is still quivering from the clutches or
the Hun; that she has suffered hor
rors undreamed of in America, il
that the German nation, twice as pop
ulous as France, virtually untouched
by the fot of an invader, and still
trucedent, lies at France back door.
' France may take an exterem view
of the dangers of turther German
oggression; sha may alWate extreme
me' Slides u break the German aiartlal
spirit. H may be necessary to per
suade France to modify some of her
demands. Of one thing Americansmay
be sure: President Wilson will not
wish to leave France in any "position
but one of security. la the meantime,
those at time should remember what
France has suffered and be patient in
judgment if some of her fiery spokes
men go a bit f.ir.
An Encouraging Situation
One encouraging thin- aNmt the
sessions of the peace conference has
btcn the practical unanimity of spirit
it the English and American dAl.
' gaes The have stood together on
almost all poitns. President Wilson,
Premier Lloyd George, Secretary Bal
four and others ot the P.ritish repre
sentatives, seem to be' moved by the
same considerations of common sense
and far sightedness. The hope of
brotherly good will between our coun
try and Britain in the future rests
BY THEIR TRADEMARK
By Review Leased Wire)
CAMP LEWIS, Tacoma, Wash., Feb.
IS. Everj unit of the American expe
ditionary force in France had a " trade
mark." according to the men of the
346th Field Artillery upon taeir re
turn to this enrrm fnr
. - "
as tne nrst organization of the "Wild
west" division to return as a whole,
On the equipment ot the 346th a
! buckaroo astride a plunsinK horse
was the Insignia of the regiment, tak-
ing tne place, the men said, of numer
ical description.
KNITTERS IN DEMAND
An urgent appeal has come for as
much knitting as can be done within
the next two or three months.
Sock wool is to be knitted into
stockings for women and children,
all sizes from a five and one-half inch
foot to a nine and one-half inch fot.
Care should be taken to make them
wide enough, both in leg and foot. In
the smaller sizes one-half inch t,W
j than the regular American cotton
j stocking, and in the larger stockings
inch wider.
Sweater wool should be knttted Into
j sweaters, small, medium and large;;
mufflers. 10 by 50 Inches; refugee
j shawls from 36 inches square to 43
inches square. The latter must be
j knitted on very large needles, using
j not more than two pounds of wool to
the shawl.
Wool and further particulars may be
secured upon application at Red Cross
room. Library building.
LEG BROKEN
While Alford Beddnorx was work
ins ia the mines yesterday a rock fell
ou his left leg, breaking it below the
knee. He was taken to the Copper
Queen hospital for treatment.
7 TWO
THE BISBEE .-DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
- H WMMMMMMMM M
Spring Bonnets Have Sprouted---Here Is the First Crop
. . , I j i
It&ggssr .zf5s - vr " x " .
i . v . . -v - - -x... I
' x Ov
MONEY TO LOAN
Wuches. Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
ReUable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 2G Box 1129
BY BETTY BROWN
' dreamers of the genius batmakers
c, . , . . , . 'have loosed a flood of glorious color.
Marco winds. t tT , , , i
i similar lures and weapons of their
Any male observer who meets a i craft upon the defenseless heads of
lady in a straw hat knows his own felt American femininity and from coast ,
or derby is bein? tilted by a spring to coast the ladies are joining the but--
breeze. That's nil thprp !z tn it Wlian tn -i, u . i
; ici n j iumc ut i. lie spnug Douneu i
straw hats appear it's spring!
Pause a moment dears, and let's j
It's spring on Broadway and Fifth ; chat of what's what heior von KPtti-
avenue. New York, according to bios-i the momentous choice of THE hat '
sorny, feathery, feminine headgear, j and leave friend husband to settle !
jiiiuners. designers, creators anol Madame's account.
ed with a delectable garland of creamy different. The color 1 softest ros
magnohas fah.oned of linen, silk and j The brim edge is coried AbJutTe
For the mai.,m ..... , J lh,?om.cr?w? ls band of silk aad
WRL CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PKONE 50
Resid ance, Black 333
manda tailored smartness is created ever the band is set a irarHnrt I't
this golden brown triumph at the KtLxUmJ?;
Gold brown rough straw is the high- of the same material and Ihwid-tSnted
crowned, narrow-brimmed foundation.1, in exquisite colors taunted
f.lLi.n-!?ldandb.lack! braids . milans 'and rouh
r.?.rr13 u,m 'n3 P'.'aws contend with satins and Ut.
the symphony.
In the lovrer center is a hat of ouite ' that V Tr Q? 'ar
First Marriage Performed
At Baptist Church.
The first wedding in the new Bap
tist church was that of Miss Ruby
Knowlea and Wm. Oliver McCulla on
lart Tuesday evening. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. H. C. Compton I
in the presence- of the bride's parents ! Several Hostesses
and a few friends. Mrs. McCulla is Entertain at Bridge.
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter 1 In spite of the inflAinont wuih.r
mere are nats ana hats but here right js a true creation of" the artiste
j are four of the A ery newest and best J c simple turban of gold colored satin
Motor to Douglas. (Paris your own esteemed New York! ; plume in black "aid gold, of an up-
Among those who motored to Doug- Tappe. one of the most famous of sweep and a lightness extraordinary.
Us last Friday for Mrs. II. XI. Gal'agh-. American-French designers to cater to In the center is one of those ador
er's tea were: Mrs. J. Fred Rvan. ! American tastes, designed these
' - -- i w - w . j v v i atiu uuuci
Mrs. Ross Moon, Mrs. Thorlief Olson
and Mrs. P. M. Buckwalter.
elusive models with his own clever 'brim concealed bv a veiline of mauve
fingers. - ; georgette crepe it's undulating brim
Observe Madame! At the upper spftly becoming. The crown is'wreath-
Eirthday Hostess i Major Brophy Addresses'
Reads Own Poem , Ckib Women cf District
a ieaiure pi ine oinnaay party given ; Acceding to the
dv Aiieen luis at ner.nonie at in :
Knowles and before her marriage was I 'ast Tuesday, several hostesses enter-
a stuaent at Miss Rileys school. Mr.'tamed at bridge including Mrs. v.. F ! C- l.t. I Acceding to the invitation of the
McCulla is a member of the 17ih Cav-' Haas, whose guests were Mrs Mark I ti A,, at ner .nonie at in ; Twentieth Century club. Major AVil-
alry, stationed at Douglas. , Shattuck. Mrs. A. M. Smock and Mrs i,, 1. ednesday evening , liam H. Brophv-addressed the mem-
i:Ne?perm. Others having tables were ! lebtrhatlnS her fourteenth birth-; bers laat Tues-day at their meeting
Tea is Postponed. - - Mrs. Arthur Houle, Mrs. Har.weU day' as the read.in'- b5; the I"e hos-! piaoe the Blue Room f y. W. C.
----- i- i - ipcc rr a rwom vmrth- aMair hoi . . .
On account o
Country club next Tupsda fh ton
for the benefit of the permanent blind : Xowel1 were the hostesses at tea.
win be on Thursday. February 20. :
Mrs. J. p. Connolly and 5Irs. Henry 'To Visit in Phoenix.
Holcomb are to be the hnstPi ! Mrs- W. P. Simms
; ior cat iavors. and thev do say
moiisu;u ui a- will rii I f rrv-r rnmi r .
new material-Batavia cloth-a cotton spring, but Just now It's straw or rIm
textile somewhat like unto voile but -or both!
Elleu Critten.-Anna Kirby and Rulla
Sacek. Messrs. Tesseni. K'oath n.n
(Batten. Fisher. Steave, Demore and
Sewing Course Is
Ttr (fatten, fisher. Steave, Demore and
uttered Women afiourse Mr m &-ns..nj
' Mr. and Mrs. Lee of Warren chuDer-
J. ff IflUflUllU ;acek proved most entertaining hos-
. tesses. Miss Knowles is one of the
imost popular members of Bisbee's
uo you want to know how to make a :unger while Mr. Maculla is a
bound buttonhole for the new spring member of the 17th Cavalry of Doug
frocks Or perhaps find out just how ,as
to make over a last year's frock?
Here is the chance to learn all about ! i5n.'91hts I pythi
it and get. some valuable hints about j brilted Annivrry.
the spring dressmaking. Miss Louise j The Iocal lodge df Knights of ryth
Sporleder. county demonstration , ias "i1" celebrate the 55?h anniversary
agent, will conduct the first of a series i of tne founding of the order in an open
ui be wing lessons at tne V. w. C. a. ' meeas to oe neia in the Odd Fellows'
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
I PHONE 15 O K S7
the dinner at the 1 feu ana .Mrs. Henry Holcombe. ! l:" " c "i T , " '7..-, V ,7 An present including guests and
-Mrs. j. n. ovens and Mrs. Hartw-elH . --, members of the Women's club, ei-
;u""7" auj .iedi."ir: -vere ine; pressed their pleasure at the intimate!0" Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday I new nail on Subway street. Tuesday,
if 3. , ."u"s wer nature of the glimpses afforded bv Ma-i01 nexl weet- The mornings and upeoruary Za.
r.v?i,,Jn ?? ra WB"e"Mf;jar Hropnys talk on the Red Cross
Ul i - tiunea reireSu- activities in France, and all departed
' Tpnta T.ltTl. llliian miff fa
to be the hmtiui ; -virs. v. tf. bimms is leavinz for a
March 4 marks the last tea of the sea- j short stay in Phoenix.
son owing to the beginning of lent the
day following. Enjoy Buffet Supper.
One of the many delightful info.mai
affairs of the past week was the buf-
Eyman-Adams Wedding.
On. Wednesday evenir
Adams and Frank Eyman were mar-
On. Wednesday evening Miss Mrr i Let c.bafi"s dish. sPPw given at the
o A.t.u a. UUUlUrT II
W
ried in the new Baptist church. Mr 1 lue ounr set as the guests
Eyman is stationed at Douglas with i Dane. hm a
the 17th Cavalry. e Ho,d Atte
ntion.
With Lent only ten davs awav'd.mo.
; ing is to be the favorite pastime on
?SL.?2XJ!?r munJed Ir0m!are P to moTor To the
, oadsden hotel at Douglas cn Wednes
i day for the permanent blind dance.
Mrs. Bridge Returns.
Mrs. George Bridt
the coast last Friday.
Women Assist in
Americanization Work. . Pr,pOSe Blue Cros. Society.
In the past month tne ioundation I The meeting of the Hum:, no
for the coming year's work alou so-! at Mrs. Sherman's was shortened to
ri'Ji the kindliest feedings towards Ma-
,'T, l.-Kev "kII-e!I?ItS; llV"'ior trophy for his lecture and the
until
up rcuruary io. a special program has
o'clock in the afternoon will 1 oen prepared of music and SDeakin.
be given up to those who wish help AD- address will be given by Attorney
In any sewing problems, from 2 until xv- G. Gilmore of Tombstone, for the
o clock in the afternoon will be de-1 rvnignts. and another by Mrs. Geo.
C H. HOGAR
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN. HOTEL
C. H. HOGAR
V- """- "-' " --"e. Twentieth Century club for its enter-! ulcu lo special suojects such as darn- rwie tor tne O'thian Sisters' organ-
district for Red Cross and similar ben- piise in seCuringrthe address iris' buttonholes, and similar parts of ! ation. Following this there will be
efits. Following is her birthday poem: : Mrs w- j Spaulding president of tbe worS of Sarment making. (refreshments and dancing. All Knights
tp mv rHrQ ' t,J club, and Mrs. eC'j Flannigan ! Miss sPrdcr is working in co-jand Pythian Sisters and their famil-
Then1lne!eeennth f FebrUar'' b7-mX'-G ilZ
nineteen, Charles A, McDonald.
I m gi ing a party for I am fourteen.
operation with the Twentieth Century i ies and friends of the two ortraniza-
club but the attendance at the sewing I tions are cordially invited to be pres
classes is in no way limited. All the i ent-
women of the district who wish to
take advantage of the help are urged
to avail themselves of the opportun-
Those who wish to spend an en-
My mother has made me a verv large! ,,.'
cajje j Mrs. Biggs Entertains
That' each of my chums a piece mavi Mrs- J- Biggs entertained with ! ity.
take. j a very enjoyable dinner party last tire day at the classes are ureed to
i v ednesday. Her guests were Mrs. H. bring luncheon. A cup of tea or cof
Mary Classen our fortunes will tell. J. King and Mrs. H. W. Edwards, both! fee will be provided by the hostess
Lucile an l Frances their voices will cf Warren, and Mrs. L. H. Rice i club.
swell, i
Martha and Dorothy
bring in.
ly their poems will s Women Invited to.
Sewing Institute
cial welfare lines, has been laid by tenable the ladies present to hear J F (Elizabeth and Janie will have a good
tne Tarious oreanizafinn intoroctA4 Moore rhmv at v w . r.. "1
Several out of town speakers, nation- j nd of a shelter to protect the anim
ally known specialists in their own 1 413 n the. city pound from the cold
line of wcrt. liave given moat interesi-1 and stormy, winter weather and the
ing and instructive talks. . the out-; heat in summer was discussed ad
growth cf v. hich has been either the ; a,s the advisability of forming a Blue
forming of a new organization or the j Cross society among the children as
re-vltalizmg of - a grouD alrt-adv at ; one means to Dut a ctnn t th.
i """ e Durros.
Ul p-ciii interest i3 'the work
which migh be termed "Americaniza
tion'' that the goAernment is under
taking thrcizh the Asrricmlture-Exteii-sion
d3artIn-nt. A definite berinninp
in thi work was made last w eek bv !
--iwiKicr wiin a coosir.g -" at tne home of Mrs
demonstration. - to about ZZ Mexican ! Wa'ter O'JIalky in Warren "
w-omen in the Carlos Allen grocery . "
store in Tin Town. With Mr. AIln pP"'ar Couple Wed
acting as interpreter Miss Sporleder ' And Leave District,
showed thoac women how to proper-! -Nes of the marriage on week aeo
-7 cook spiral or their ravorite foods, ! last . mcht in Bisbee of Miss Lucie,
...m ,lo uean :oar, tomato ( i':"J-er anu "uoolph S
M"Lt, i urc sanr-K and m i or
spin.
Xow Margaret and Agnes, don't
- too spry,
For your turn is coming, by and by.
For if you get the dime in the cake.,
Around the rooi.i the piano you'll take
! Later programs will include altera
tions, suiting the pattern to the indi-
g institute I vidual and millinerj"- The dates of
VII the women of the district are ' these classes will be announced.
invited to attend 'the free sewini
Guests Enjoy Dance.
Guests present at the dance given
by Mrs. Ed. Hauser at the home of
Mrs. George Cromartie, Friday even
ing, enjoyed one of the most pleasant
informal evenings of the week. The
dance selections were augmented by
several other selections by Mrs.
Hauser and Miss Mildred Smith. A
fruit lunch was served by Mrs.
Hauser and Mrs. T. J. Bledsoe. Those
attending included Misses Joyce Cro-
jmartie. Mamie Lee Dowdy. Mildred
; Smith. Cecelia Delourentl. Mollie Ca-
Many Attend Guiid.
The meeting of the St. John's Guild
at the home of Mrs. C. M. Lvnn was
well attended in Kniif nf tu v. j
! leather. The next
..... n M - I"
The Annie and Eva the Ouija board
start.
To tell all the ages of everyone smart;
Ruth, Irine ajj Mary, the toat yt:
must give.
And all tnat 1 wish is Rood health
while I live.
; stitute under the auspices of the C!ub Entertains for
De ! Twentieth Century home economics ' Member Wno M'ed
. Jepartment, Mrs. George Cobbe, chair- i MJ Anna Kirby and Miss Rylla i retto. Katie Caretto. Irene Morgan,
man. This course, which will be given f Wacek entertaincni Wednesday even-1 Mesdames Blevins. Ray. Smith aud
; item 9 a. m.. untif 4 p. m.. on Monday, f ne at the O. A. S. P. club rooms in Dowdy. Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Bledsoe.
Tuesday and Wednesday of the com-!Wam?n, in honor of Miss Ruby Know- Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Hauser. Mr. and Mrs.
;ng week at the Y.JV. C. ,A.. is theles and Mr- William Maculla. who George Cromartie and Measra. J. L.
introduction to a, series planned for!were married Tuesday afternoon at j Bledsoe. Jackson. D. Cromartie. Mayes
later in the snrine. Instm.-tinn i i the home of the bride on Warren hill. ! and Morcan.
unacr Miss Louise Sporleder, who is ' Tne rooms were appropriately deco
thoroughly competent to advise and j rated for the occasion w ith white and
; teach, anything pertaining to sewinc r-per. Dancing and other amuse-
and " the cleaning 'and renovating 0f;n,ent!i made the evening one ot the
in
Little Virginia Davenport
Celebrates Birthday.
Miss Virginia Davenport, daughter
; used material. iihr ,nH r- nnu- ..t, j . most eniovable snent bv th vnuncr I o J .
Mbtes Hintrs aim i.ur are my the sewmg machines will be instated, people for some time. At a late hour Quality hill, celebrated her seventh
Miss Bihler I had just one year ago. m
tnUVerr te3CherS Hke' 1 WiU be devo,ed ta individualist rue-lKay-Thrv'd
1-eVn mm, to !i ,,,. h I t,on: T.h.e follpwins is each day's pro-l
nf thir .Vv t pram- Hcl drmks can be procured for
The hours front 9 a- m. until - n j "resnmeuts were servea to tne toi-. birthday- durins the past week with
itK i v. i w-. ' lowing guests: Misses Beatrice Mc-1 ,- n.,i r-i- .v .
Anna Hardey, Ethel V oilman, (Continued on Fase Thi
i the cost of the materials by those de-
Mnug to onng tneir lumh-
a?.of their dpnarn.ro , , 'Xow all r,r n-.- -hr.mC i v-. , siring to bring their lumh.
mush. The succes of this first at-'clSht for California where they will ! bring in. j Jlonaay-Meading. darning and
tempt w,Jl no doubt encourage future j sPcn several weeks honey-moon as 1 1 want "ol to please stand up and sing j bin,dms, buttonholes. I
aeroonstraticns. i yesterday given cut bv friends of the ' Tb-' Star Spangled Eanner. for -.our' Tuesday Taking measurements, at'
iue pian ci organizing a Homa ;:u- couNe in the district who had i-nftn ! country's sake I e. ing patterns.
the ouiet cere-'J" " all :o to bed and nt .IojjI " eaaesaay Miscellaneous sewing
too kte
noil ale,. ..j . .r f - . . auu-ui
: - i"-'-u-.eu 10 me rommunitv : e",tK " cunesaav of
Dj a rotri'KPltal?v-c rvf t V . .- , irrtOTIl- Tk ... u: ...
. -ijfiicnure , "cuuicg, wni:c not a com-'
Mteneion dcpartnipni. Miss n, i IWe surprise tn th w i..o
J rysing r. will be taken up bv depart-1 tb brdf and eroom. .was not rwi, f i The teachers ard iiitle chums wno,
mental ropr.'sntitivs of the Worn- j at this time. .heard this poem and who arc inci li
ens club. V. V. C. A., and the T".n. Mr. Weiner has lenn a riHm. r:cd in its line were in attondsn.-.j.
tie'h Len'urv f-liih Thi. ew.r. .... thit .1icrir- tnr , . . . . . Thev follow: Missrs Hinipri I'i'-iir
! Entertains With Cards
work
later.
The V
undertalen
I. A. alwVa I a l. in-.
lea-J in fK,isorin?-new eftorts ind
giving assistance lo a wide rar. of
problems, is branching out in iV in
dustrial extension department bv
Kirengtnenins and Ijroadninr-
Mrs. P. R. Sullivan entertained with
a valentine party on Fridav of last!
week. Cards formed the diversion of
the afternoon The guests playing 1
UTTri' 1 . . . It - ,r r. .
c bmo company. a? rnginrer and sals- . Glasson. Frances Thomas. Martha and ; Gllirfl" A:Attn TnJ'u ,V- I
iuiu.- uci. iitaui iu iiarmt'll. ' WhitfV I
rioiiif iuiiiii, .iararci antl .saies
The scopo ot thf.-;tnL5 di?trirt for manv years at ir.tr-! T1 ey follow:
is to be d-xi'Id representing the Sullivan jja. ;ai,; i'-'cr. and t
he little Mis.-rs M.iiy i
the
mm. Kecentlv he
if in France. He was among the
lirst of the B:?we nun to leave in the
draft for Camp Funston. Kansas,
where he entered the army as a pri
vate. When he returned to thi ciu.
lain 4'IHH VurL- . t:.. . l . ...
, -umn: cn v.orv 1 " 1 mi1 Miver nais nti
mini id.. . . : . . .......
..r .JIUns aions nom serv-: aavisra nis mentis that he had rien
K-e lines. Itrs. Grace Pu!. rnnn I the short p. rio.1 or his absencv to
t&e national. 1. Y. r. A. hf adqurter.s. 'b.' rnnk uf firM lieutenant.
Fixjke to a group of woin-n lact Mon- : Stidger has l.n a n-.-id, ,,t of
ua. VII 1'iuiiii.juil 1 iHifern t 1 f I ll ' 1 1 1 . t t 1 . n..n I .
w ,n; .iii. t ' ii 11 i"ii,i iiiaii nor-iiii.-
linr the fin.
-u.e orK and gav vaiuabi a .'vice
on genpr3l assKiafson problems dso
Another recent speaker was Junes
F. Moore, rt presenting war sn-J paw
depart vieut Ujniijg camp actniti-s "
Mills. Annie and E.a Jrto!s. Ruth
Bardwell, Mary Jones. Ailecn and
Irine Ellis an 1 Master Osmond ElMs.
follow-in? the reading of the. sons
his shoulders ,ne candles on cake Trrre li; and
the children arose and sans "Tho Star
Spangled Itar.cer." WhiN Hiss l?ih-
ler distributed l!:e c:ike. Miss
crs. ac'.-omi-.i'iied iy Mii :l.ir.
""Thi' End ol IVriWt l'.iv."
Rotheubcrg.
reii. Rust and the
Sullivan :nd IJeIn Kennedv.
Holt".
Misses
an(. r r s ni timo she has imtii
entpicr-ed in the offices or th Shnt-tuck-Arizona
Copikt compaiiy. She is
anions the most i;i!ar of tho di:
t:i' t's out;gcr btt.
Afternoon Tea for . .
California Visitor
Vrs. William H. Brophy entertained
011 lat Thursday with a beautiful tea.
honoring Miss May of San Francitm
Hint-' A"t!Ul ?uots ealiod during Hie af-
lerntMMi. Mrh. r. E. Shine and Mrs.
.'o' : M-;m poured te.i.
Dinner Dance Popular.
Many rest rv at ions ;i
d'aiif-r da:i-e at th
ou iiet Tur-dav nulit.
' 111 tlT
"iJ'Ml.tlj
tl:-
Anona Club Meeting.
The Aiiona lub will n;-c at the
home c-r Mr. W. R. Toukin ou .ho
lujd. Monday, IVbruary 21.
vv jsS
YO'TLT
Large wages all spent do not represent as good
a condition as a smaller income and part of it
saved.
In other words It's what you save that
counts.
Open a Savings Account here 4
Paid.
BANK WITH US.
interest
' BiviiVifiitrviTt.-
an DYE WORKS
aeanins & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
. Patronaga
PHONE 53
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OEiee Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 53.
In Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber j our building will
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Go.
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phouc "25 THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1919.
THREE
it
M
T1
PS
.Dodge
lercanMe
Go's I
OF WOMEN'S AM) CHILDREN'S SLEEPING GARMENTS
THE KIND YOU WANT TO WEAR
ITS GETTING LATE IN THE SEASON FOR US BUT NOT FOR YOU! OUR STOCK OF OUTING FLAN
NEL SLEEPING GARMENTS FOR WOMEN AND CHILDREN MUST BE CLEARED, BUT THE GARMENTS
OFFERED ARE JUST AS DESIRABLE AS THEY WERE A FEW MONTHS AGO, AND YOU WILL GET
GOOD WEAR OUT OF THEM YET THIS WINTER. THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY.
WOMEN'S PAJAMAS, in plain, white or striped cut- CHILDREN'S GOWNS in plain, white and striped
in g flannel, all sizes. Regular prices in this lot are $2.95, outing flannel. Regular price $1.00 to $1.25. Sale
$3.50, $3.95. Sale price $1.95 price 79c
WOMEN'S OUTING FLANNEL GOWNS, in plain. CHILDREN'S SLEEPING GARMENTS
white or striped; all sizes. LOT 1 Regular price 85c, $1.00, $1.25. Sale
LOT 1 Regular price $ 1 .95 to $2.50. . Sale price $1.39 price : 1 . ...1 59c
LOT 2 Regular price, $2.95. Sale price $1.69 LOT 2 Regular price $1.95, $2.25. $2.50. Sale
LOT 3 Regular price $3.50 to $3.95. Sale price $2.49 price .... : .' L $1.15
WOIilEN'S BLOUSES ALL WOOL SVEATERS
' ON OUR BARGAIN BOOTH These all wool sweaters for women are very desirable.
WOMEN'S WHITE VOILE WAISTS some are trim- It will be economy to purchase now for next winter,
med in pretty striped "collars. $1.25 value. Sale Come in all the best colors, ranging in price from $7.50
price - 95c to $18.50. On sale, 14 OFF.
WOMEN'S WHITE VOILE WAISTS some with em-
broidered collars; others lace trimmed. Also the new WOMEN'S HEAVY COTTON SWEATERS- red
collarless styles. $1.95 values. Sale price $1.50 cr blue, values to $2.50. Sale price ..!.95c
FINAL REDUCTIONS IN OUR DRY GOODS DEPARTMENT
All Vool Serges
All Wool Serges and Gabadines, 42 to 50 inches wide,
in all the wanted shades.
$1.75 values, sale price $1.40
$2.50 values, sale price $2.00
$3.00 values, sale price $2.40
$3.50 values, sale-price J $2.80
Nainsoo&s and Long Clotns
Soft Finish. 36-inches wide, beautiful quality for under
wear for the coming summer months. These prices
will be a big inducement to purchase row.
35c value, sale price, yd 1 . .28c
40c value, sale price, yd. .32c
50c value, sale price, yd . 40c
Blankets and Comforts
It will pay you to buy your blankets and comforts now
and keep them for next winter. It will be quite a
saving.
$2.00 values, sale price .. $1.60
$3.00 values, sale price $2.40
$5.00 values, sale price J. . $4.00
$7.50 values, sale price . $6.00
$10.00 values, sale price4 , :..$8.00
$15.00 values, sale price $12.00
Bed Sheet Special
Fine quality sheets, made of extra strong muslin. Will
give excellent wear, sizes 81x90, $2.00 value. Sale
price $1.65
-
M ARINELLO V
Tar Pack a?
retards hair loss and stimulates
luxuriant growth. Home treat
ments in addition to those given
at the shop produce quick and
satisfactory results.
FxmwnendI and csed toy tnore than
35CO beamy Scop- Ask for particulars.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
ALASKAN BOWLERS IN
INTER-NATION GAME
Legal Notices.
WORK
RESUMED
JEROME NINES
STRIKE IS EH
KREEH MONSTER WILL
. J EKD All OPERATIONS
, (Special to The Review)
) JEROME. Feb. 22. Operations were
. resumed today at two ct the leading
'; prospects of the district, the Gadsden
I and the Verde combination.
I No trouble was experienced by Jack
' Hooper, superintendent of the Gads-
! den. or Dave Morgan, manager of the
j Combination, in recruiting a full force.
i In fact they were almos swamped with
I SrNi:U to Tfc RvW-trl
I JKROM'E, Feb, .Advices from
iFhoerix are that the Green Monster
I Mining company is not to resume oper
ations at its property until Ubor be
comes cheaper and conditions are
I thoroughly stabilised.
PresUeat V. S. Humbert. W. W.
Lahon and T. A. Riordan of the
board of directors, held a conference
at the capital and decided to discon
tinue development for an Indefinite
period. It is safe to say that there
will be no resumption under six
months at the very earliest. Even if
the big companies of the Verde district
resume in less time, the Green Mon
ster will not start up until the labor
situations is satisfactory to the direc
tors. The Green Monster was closed down
by the strike last Tuesday, simultan
eously with the other prospects.
It is understood that all the other
prospecting companies are planning to
resume in a short time. The labor
question is not bothering them at all.
as there are ten good men for every
1
paries. -Mtfv
TRADE MASK,
The City cf
GOODRICH
Akron. Ohio
applications. Morgan re-employed a
majority or the force that he had on
prior to the strike.
Both the Combination and Gadsden
lost almost exactly a week's time.
The pumpment stayed on, however,
and all was shipshape for resumption.
Jerome Verde
The plans of the Jerome Verde haTe
not been definitely decided on, but
iit is understood that thr will hp no-
i Immediate resumption there, at least
not on the scale of operations that "nn 1 1II Iftl aim iipinn
prevailed prior to the strike. .The! hK fl Nil Af 'l fJh AR
pumps are to be operated until thePwlini,u IwLMHU llLMIlU
first of April, at least, in order that
there shall be no expensive unwater
ing job if the directors do decide ton
a resumption.
' For sometime the Jerome Verde
has been shipping ore from the Main
top body to the Humboldt smelter, but
the price of copper has dropped so low
that this hardly pays any more. There
fore, the directors notified Superinten
dent J. R. Harper to suspenc. Harper
is now in the southern part of the
; 6tate and may have something definite
to give out when he returns.
Other Work
It was announced yesterdav tnat
the Green Monster has suspended in
definitely. The Grand Island resumed
last week when all the other prospects
were 6tiU idle.
ill
MAIN LEDGE, REPORT
SOCIAL NOTES
(Continued from Page Two.)
Decorations, were pink and white.
Sandwiches, ice cream, cake and
candy were served to the following
guests: Marcellus Smock. Evelyn Mc
Kenna. Dolly and Elizabeth Nowell.
Katherine KetcheL Marcedes Riley,
Camile Monier, Mae Smith, Elizabeth
Kelly, Thelma and Nina Sherwood.
Ruth Hill, Lloyd Stewart. Gertrude
and Esther Bowden. Katy Cavanaugh.
Julia faeed. Frank Ramsower, Bernice
Robinson. Roland and Virginia Davenport-
(Special to Th Review)
JEROME. Feb. 22. Indications are
plentiful that the north crosscut from
the 500-foot station in the Grand Island
shaft is near the main ledge, accord-,
ing to Superintendent Charles Ander
son, who was la from the property last
night. I
The crosscut has advanced some 115
feet into the schist, it nas disclosed
a number of seams and fissures of Iron
oxide and seme water is coming in.
These are signs that the ledge is not
far away.
One engineer estimated that the
ledge would be found not more than
100 feet from the station, but others
think that the crosscut will have to
be extended 200 feet before the ore
Is encountered. At any rate the ledge
will soon be itnersected as splendid
time is being made by the contrac
tors in driving the crosscut ahead.
tess last week, entertaining eight
guests. The appointments for the
four courses carried out the celebra
tion of Washington s birthday. The
guests were Mesdames Quick, Main.
Hicks. Frank Anderson. Frank Butler.
R. O. Owens and Miss Wiliner.
JUNEAU.
25- (By !
Alaska, Jan.
j Mail) Alaska and Yukon territory
! bowlers are engaging in an interna-;
I t;oual bowling tournament- Teams
! are entered from the Alaska towns of
; Juneau, TreadwelL Shagway and the
j Yukon town3 of Dawson and White
i Horse.
NOTICE FOR. PUBLICATION
02601S
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz..
ralos known as Walter H. Hall, de
j ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
i undersigned executor of the es
j tate of William Henry Hocraffer. also
.known as Walter H. Hall, deceased,
i to the creditors of and all persons hav-
iing claims against the said deceased.
February S, 1919. j to exhibit them, with the necessary
Notice is hereby given that John , vouchers within ten (10) months after
Corning, of Hereford. Arizona, who. on ! the first publication of this notice to
November 7. 1914. made Homestead j the said administrator at the office
Entry. No. 0O601S for NW Sec 25, of Hon. J. D. Taylor, attorney at law,
V F" I '. Sw 9R Tmrnshin ?33 T?n rm : Bisbee. Arizona. th mA twlnr rda
j Dawson at present is in first place 2ie, G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has 1 place for the transaction of the busi
iby a margin of 36 pins. In the two filed notice of intention to make threelness of said estate, in said County of
. games rolled Dawson has knocked VM trt tctahlih riiim tr th Cochise.
iaown over ;.-. pms. juneau is secona,land above described, before Jared D
i with a total of 4.S91 pins,
lis third with 4.934.
Shagway
1 Some of the teams meet on the al
. leys while scores of some of the others
I are telegraphed following the tourney
games. '
1
3!
SF3FL0EMZA
Hamlin's Wizard OH a Rallabla,
Antiseptic Preventive .
Durinj inflasrza epidemics spray
the noie and throat several times a
iij with one part Wizard Oil and
two parts water, using an atomizer.
If you haven't an atomizer, gargla
the throat and snuii the mixture up
the nose. This treatment sets up an
antiseptic wall o defense against
"Flu" germs.
Chest coldi an! sore throat lead
to grip. Stop hem at once with
Wizard Oil befot they csn develop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from druggists for 3Cc. If
not satisfied, return the bottle and,
get your money back.-
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Jut try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pisk yills, 30c at drug
eirts. Guaranteed.
Pineapple
Desserts 2c
The bottle in
f, of Pineapple
V Jiffy-Jell con
r& lains all the
figS&1 rich essence
4 from half a ripe
-v"" pineapple. The '
dessert has a
wealth of this exquisite
flavor, and a package serves
six people for 2z cents.
Ycu owe to yourself a
trial of this new-type gel
atine dainty.
10 Flavor, at Your Grocer' 1
2 Packages for 25 Cents a
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on (he ISth day of March.
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Pearn F. Prather, of Bisbee. Ari
zona. Milton Clark.
Joseph Hammer, toth of Garces,
Arizona.
Edward Wilcox, of Warren. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRYLX. Registrar.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02S436
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ar'z..
February 15, 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
(Larranaga, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
September 29. 1915, made Homestead
Entry. No. 02S436. for S. H NW.
Sec. 34. Township 23 S.. Range 21 E-,
G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 25th day of March. 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell, Ari
zona. William Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
Adv. JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
County of Cochise, State of Arizona.
stat of wuiia Hary Hocrat!r,
O. H. MELHAGEN.
Executor of the Estate of Wil
liam Henry Hocraffer.. Deceased,
also known as Walter H. HalL
Dated at Bisbee, Arizona, this 15th
day of February. 1919.
First publication February 16, 1919.
Adv.
COTTON FACTORY IS
STARTED IN HAWAII
Fidelia Class
Gives Musical Program
The Fidelis class or the Baptist
church gave a literary and musical
program last Thursday evening before
a large audience. A silver offering
was mu.de for the furnlshhis of their
new1 class room.
Welcome address Syvi. Perron
Class song Fidelis Girls
Reading Elsie Hutterman
Piano trio from the Bohemian Girl
Willis Wheeler. Mrs, James Tut
tle and Mrs. R O. Owens,
Dialogue Fast -riends
Syvilla Ferron, Esther Lang
Vocal duet
Esther Lang and Mrs. J. L. Lang
NOTICETO THE PUBLIC
I. George H. Ross, hereby notify the
public generally that I will not be re
sponsible for any debts incurred by
my wife. Mrs. Tommie Ross, she hav
ing wilfully and without cause desert
ed and abandonedvme.
2 23 GEORGE ROSS,
NCFTHt
BLADDER
EsTmi Is
24. Hours
rch ct- v v
2nrcn i f fimain
Visiting in Colorado
John D. Grant, who has been visiting
with his brother. Sam Grant, of Upper
LowelL and U. S, Grant of School Hill,
has left for Los Animas. Colo., to visit
his sister.
lit rv.. -,oii I
rllTl HN J
Ik V I II M LJI f
I
P. O. Young Women Guests
The young women of the postoffice
were entertained Friday evening bx
Miss Anna Hampston at the home on
her sister, Mrs. John Twomey. Music j
and dancing were features and a sup-j
per was served.
Eight Guests Enjoy
Birthday Anniversary .. j
Mrs. M. L. Butler was a dinner hos-j
Square Deal
CHICKEN
DINNER
SUNDAY
Women
Were Just
Going to Vote
In the last days of
. Pompeii, when Ve
suvius blew up, and
spoiled everything.
It s av wise thing far
ladies and gentle
men to be safe
guarded against
blow ups and Wotv
oufs, especially
whenspinningalong
a country road.
And the best pro.
tection against blow
outs is Goodrich
-Silvertown Cord
Tires, those hand
some, powerful tires,
you see on most
smart cars
Th6 tires with the
Twin Red-Di&
monds on the
Silvertown's cable
cord body is immune
to ordinary puncture
SHvertown Cords also
give a special ease,
elegance, and econ
omy, unmatched by
oilier tires, and ren
der the full Serv
ice Value of all
Goodrich Tires.
Buy Goodrich Tires
, from a )e27e
LVERTOll
CORD TIRES
"BEST IN THE Ji
LONG RUN"
You Can't Rub It Away;
Rheumatism is in the Blood
Liniments Will Never Cure.
If you are afSicted with Rheuma
tism, why waste time -with, liniments,
lotions and other Lx-al applications
that never did cure Eheumatism, and
never will?
Do not try to rub the pain away,
for you will never succeed. Try the
sensible plan of rinding the cause of
the pain, and go after that. Remove
the cansc. rvA thr-e csn be no pa?n.
You will never bo rid cf Rheuma
tism xintll you cleanse your Hood of
the (rerms that cause the disease.
S. S. S. has never bad an equal as a
blood purirler and scores of sufferer
say that it has cleansed their blood of
Rheumatism, and removed all traea
of the disease from their svstem.
Get a bottle of S. S, S. at your
drug- store, and pet on the right
treatment to-day. If you want spe
cial medical advic, you can obtain it
free bv addressing Medical Director;
23 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
;.L0NG RUN J
t ;" vvw
HONOLULU. . T. H, Feb. 1. (By
Mall.) Six local Japanese have Incor
porated the Japanese Cotton Factory
of Hawaii with a capital of $50,000
and haTe begun operations on a small
scale, hoping to encourage the produc
tion of cotton In the Islands. Cultiva
tion of cotton was started seven years
ago on the island of Hawaii but owing
to the fact that manufacturing facili
ties were lacking the industry languished.
PRINCE OF WALES TO
BE LONDON FREEMAN
Copper Qacen Hotel and mgh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
5-
LONDON. Feb. 22 The Prince of
Wales is expected shortly to become
a Freeman of the city of London. He
became entitled to this on his coming
of age, but the ceremony had to be
postponed owing to the prince's mili
tary duties at the front.
Calls for clean papers to put on
shelves, under rugs, carpets and lino
leums. We have them in bundles of
so at "suadi. &e?iw sUi.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
.Am
1
Write today for booklet "B." explaining our system of
receiving deinsits by mail. 4rc compound interest paid
on Savings Accounts.
I
1. ,
if
L
7 V
FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
W. B. Wilson, Secretary of Labor, says:
uild More Schools"
AND BUILD THEM NOW, RATHER THAN PAY HEAVILY FOR OUR FAILURE
TO DO SO IN THE FUTURE
Sunrers made by the United States i parting knowledge to the young. Mod- j are crowded and herded so that ef
department of labor, through its dirt ern science demands that children be , fective education is almost ?mpossible,
sion of public work and construction 1 given modern care to develop their j because the thoughts of the pupils
development, show that this country : intellects. School buildings which do are constantly distracted from their
is far behind its needs in modern ; not embrace these necessaries to work. The result of such a system
school buildings. The education of proper training should be abandoned. will surely be half-baked intellects
our children is not a plaything to be School buildings should be the chief , and inefficient men and women. And
t&ken up one moment and cast aside ; object of civic pride. Tax rates, bond that, in turn, will mean national de
the next. ; issues, financial bugaboos of every cadence.
Effective instruction of children kind should be thrust aside' when the The working people are vitally con
must be. regular and systematic Any ; building of a new scnool Is up for cerned in this school building ques
otfcer kind is next to useless. Regu- discussion. None of these can out-' tion.. It is their children who are the
lar attendance at school is as neces- s weigh in importance the value of edu- pupils of the public schools. It is
sary to education as regular meals are cation to the chili and to the country, their children who will suffer through
to life, and proper sanitary conditions ! Many of the old scaool buildings j the neglect of our system of educa
in the schoolhouse are absolutely es-, are useless for their purposes. The ' tion. It is their children who will not
sential to training the young mind. need of the times is for more new be properly equipped for the battle of
Fresh air, light, heat, playgrounds. ' school buildings everywhere. Reports ; life. Then the slogan of the working
are companions of text boks in im-jsay that in many places the children ' people should be:
ALASKA PLANNING
trip out over the snow trail this
spring.
i luuier J. ness, a iayer ana uauv-
IlinflOTnill nnrtll !er of Fairbanks, who was speaker of.
INIIII.N I Klfll HI I M 'the 1917 house, will be a member this
Step
year. He may run lor tne speaker
ship.
' A mnn f th mcrnhprs nf the senate.
No Performeis,
So Soldiers
Form Own Band
FRANCE BUYING iU. S, PREPARING
U.S. LOCOMOTIVES i FOR 1920 CENSUS
End of War Finds Country
Poorly Equipped; Roll
ing Stock Needed
PARIS. France, Jan. 23. (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press.)
France, as a result of the war. finds
itself short of 3000 locomotives and
100.000 cars, while the transportation
material that is still nominally on the
active list is badly out of repair. The
shortage of rolling stock has become
very acute lately, for the number of
locomotives and cars out of commis-
Tabulation to Be Almost Com
plete Mechanical Opera
tion Next Year
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22 (By the
Associated Press.) With hostilities
at an eud. the goverctuen is now lay-j
ing the basis for one of the greater j
of its peace time tasks the decennial
inventory of the United States, its j
people, lands, industry and livestock;
that is called the census. Secretary!
of Commerce ReJfield the other dayj
Mgnea la oruer mat transterred one
sion for various defects has increased of the largest of the temporary warj
since July last by 10 and 30 per cent buildiags put up in Washington, that '
respectively. 'formerly housing the army's depart-1
To meet the growing difficulties in;ment of aereonauutics to Director of!
the matter of repairs, the state muni-: the Census Rogers ana n;s staff
tion factories at Lyons, Toulouse and
Roanne have, since the armistice, been
turned with all speed into railway re
pairing shops.
Buy U. S. Cars
smooth and silent perfection, taken in
400 cards a nuuuie. count them, reject
all that are imperfect or improperly
punched iu any fashion, aud take off
the totals of punch marks, assembling
the final result in printed figures on
handy sheets. One of them the other
iav in eight hours handled 150.000
cards, compiling information thl
would represent the population statis
tics of a very sizable American city.
Their experimental use was commenc
ed after the 1910 census, but Mr. Boi
teaux has since devoted most of his
time to their improvement and to the
extension of their Abilities.
The machines resemble in outward'
aspect a piece of office furniture.
Cards go into a metalic maaiine at
their top. travel a few inches on metal
guides, come out neatly stacked with
the mistakes of the punching ma
chines which have merely human
operators pointed out. The printed
records of the 18 or 20 totals that the
punch marks indicate come, out from
ancther slot, and the instrument
stands ready to repeat.
With these machines, there is a
practical assurance that th BubUea,
lions "cf the census, usually coming
out a loug time auer the vuumtraUon.
may be more quietly at hand to guida
the estimates oi ifovernniental and
industrial leaders, aud generally guide
and demonstrate the progress of na
tional civilization. They are being
produced largely by the work of
youthrul apprentices from Washing,
ington schools, which have vocational
courses.
& itniU. V a . - V. . V '
job some months apo, ansembling its
plans and forces. By law. the beginning
of the census period of 1920 is Julv 1 !
j liis. tnougb it will cot be until a year
INDIANS IN ALASKA
ISSUE OWN PAPER
JUXEA. Alaska. Jan. 25. Bv Mail.)
Alaska Indians of Hydaburp. a na
tive village near here, are issuing a
paper. -The New Native." In its first
issue the paper says. "The New Na
tive's name was chosen for the rea
son that the natives of Hydaburg are
no lonier the native of 20 year ajso.
They hie forsaken their belief in
tcteism aud other antiquated cus
toms and have embraced the fruits of
civilization.
The French government has longipjn; April lnat tne onumerators will
S Will Be Taken to Pro-' wi!1 he James R. Heckman. Ketchikan !
druggist; John Ron an. Seward, miner; ; Ouartet Fails to ADDear. But) Ins
T. C. Price. Aachoraee. lawver. and I -i- r- . vrr . n-hi
vide Work for All Re
Turning Men
4 A. nice. AJDUiuiagc, ian ici, ouuj
! Daniel Sutherland, Ruby and Juneau, ;
( i merchant. j
. ... . In the house there will be A. A.
J-VEL' AlaSka Jan" . 1 :B 1 (Scotry) Allan. Nome, noted as a dog i
MaiL) Steps to encourage industrial , drf j m terJ
a?? cuviues m Alas ka prob- ritorlal pnDiIcUy agent; J. P. Daly.!
ably will be taken by the territorial v "intr. ir.hr, . kt-h i
legislature which convenes here March !merch'ant: j. N-ordale, Fairbanks,'
... 1919. jhotel proprietor; G. W. Pennington,
Few proposed legislative plans have j x'enana. sawmill man. and W. W.
oeen announcea yeu Aiassa nopes wis . c&sej, Juneau, transfer man. I
year to witness the return of many os j
the hundreds who went to the states ACVAMC cm' Tr '
in 1917 and 1918. so it is probable ALAOlWVWO Jr.r.N. 1U '
that the legislature will endeavor to : REPEAL MARTEN LAW !
provide employment for them and for J i
hundreds of others who are expected ANCHORAGE, Alaska, Jan. 7. (By ;
to come north. j Mail) When Alaska's "legijture con-j
The legislature probably will ap-'Tenes this coming March, one of the!
propriate money for the operation of j matters to be put up before it by !
the new Alaska Agricultural college I sportsmen and trappers will be repeal ;
and School of Mines at Fairbanks. Ifjof the statute" which penalizes thei
the money is appropriated the college catching of martens in traps or other-!
probably will open its first semester I wise. j
next falL Pensions for pioneer Alas-; The marten, say trappers, is a born j
kan men and women are also held up , thief and destroyer of the feathered
awaiting a legislative appropriation. j tribe. He will even try to steal bait !
Democrats will control the legisla-; left in traps, with the result that he I
ture as they number five in the seii- i is trapped himself and the unfortun-1
ate to the republicans' three and 12 ate owner of the trap thereupon finds j
in the house of representatives to the ' himself in the position of having com
republicans' four. i mitted an offense against the law.
Most of the members will arrive Eggs of the young birds, and the home
here late next month, it Is believed, of the trappers, is left unprotected, are
from Nome, Seward, Fairbanks, Anch- j also prey to the marten. I
crage, Nenana. Cordova. Ketchikan i
and other cities in the territory- Most If we donf build them now. we 6hall
of the Nome members spent the win-1 kave to pay heavily for our failure to j
ter in Seattle in order to avoid the i do so in the future.
Troopers Don't Worry;
Give Own Program
PARIS. Feb. 22. Fresh proof of
the ingenuity and resourcefulness
of the American soldier in France
was given the other night at La
Rochalle. An army quartet had
been billed to play, for the soldiers
at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation hut there. The train
failed to come, after the manner
of trains in France. John J. An
derson of Dallas. Texas, the Y. M.
C. A. secretary at La Pallice. near
La Rochalle, explained the matter
to the audience.
Immediately an impromptu jazz
quartet was organized. One per
former played on two pieces of
sand paper, another on a piece of
tin, the third with an automobile
horn, and the fourth tried to make
music with a leg of a chair.
With these instruments, the
jazz band "played" the popular
music of the United States, to the
great amusement of teh audience.
Heated disputes as to what they
.were playing occupied large place
or the evening's program. They
were so popular, however, that
their audience refused to allow
them to stop until the regular per
formers arrived, and even then
they continued to play, to the ac
companiment cf a drum, a man
dolin, a violin and a piano.
hesitated to place orders in the United
States, where alone new rolling stock
could be procured, for fear of depress
ing the French rate of exchange un
duly; but the country's needs became
so pressing that orders have now been
nt-u, ii is unaersiooa. ior Durcnas-
S0t locomotives and 32,000 cars.
while 27,000 American cars that were
: to have been shipped to France for
' the use of the American expedition
ary force have also been acquired.
Perhaps the biggest task before the
be set to work. It is then that every
individual in America, or some one
acting fr the individual, will be ask
ed the series of questions that must
be answered.
Twenty-nine Questions
There will be 29 of these questions
in the 1920 census, according to the
present design cl Director Roger's
dummy cards, which now are being
given the exhaustive study of statis
ticians. The more complex onestion-
French transportation experts is the J " 1111 :
restoration or the destroyed railway i "r 1 7 .1 '
tracks in the invaded part of France. ! Perm.a.nen.1 ta'trtnuoa oI the country
a 5rmr r tni -.ti k likewise in the development stage.
gaged on the great work for months. ! TlVT CrX "miDation n "e
si riyrrncuic me government
has gained in conducting 13 invento
ries of the kind.
It includes the reconstruction of 14 1
tunnels and 16.000 bridges, for which
50.000 tons of metal are required.
"Borrow" Lines
In addition, hundreds of miles of
main and branch lines have been tern
ChieJly the burciu is engaged r
preparing for classification snd tabu
lation of the vast Quantity of mate-
poraiily "borrowed" for militarv . pur-! " wn,':a wm ,oe asseniDied. The
i poses from elsewhere, and must now , census tabulation will be for the,
i be relaid. ! r,rst t,me almst completely a ma-
The departments affected have been CJUl:e cprauon conducted by meaus of ,
divided up" into sections, for each of ; devices useful only to the census bu-
which a "chief reoreanizer" has been reau OI lne cnitea states which have:
' appointed. Each of them has been re- j been vented and are now being built .
j quired t give an undertaking that he i br men in it3 employ. Electric ma
(Will have his section in proper work-'rhines ""i111 first transfer the written;
i ing order as regards transportation, in Information coming in on the enum i
I the course of the present year. orator's sheets to cards not by writ-
i An appropriation of 120.000.000 j inS' but y punching holes at proper
1 francs has been made by the govern- j Points. Then the punched cards will .
! nient to enable the railway companies I De handed in their millions to another !
;to purchase rolling stock for urgent ' battery of machines, the tabulators.
i public needs. The minister of public ;n amazing product of human ingen
works has declared that, in his view, j aity- E. M. Boiteaux. who devised ,
j the restoration of France's northern ! tum. has been with the census for
; and eastern railway systems should be : years, and is now superintending
I made a first charge upon the war in- j tJie construction of 23 machines, the :
demnitv to be paid by the enemv. ! operation of which he win direct. i
j Tabulators Count Cards i
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW I These tabulators, working with:1
YOU will have to HURRY, if you want to get our
stock at the present price
OA. PER
SHARE
J
This is a BISBEE COMPANY and we want to see the
BISBEE people grasp the opportunity and get in on this
almost sure thing.
We are now constructing our STANDARD DERRICK
and it will not be many days until our big rig will be
going down after the oil.
INVESTIGATE and you .will sure buy.
U. S. 0i!'& Refining Co.
See J. O.ITONKIN, Secretary-Treasurer, Sasses.
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Jack Bldg. .
fr H
n
rl
nn
v
1
The New Buick Cars Again Demonstrate the Truth of the Buick Slogan:
s Are- wilt
n
mas. w i
1 1
.Build Imm"
VA1VE-I W-Mjs.P J PT)
f MOTOR CARS
eito Car
Although the Buick Factory is Still Unable to Supply the Demand for Buick Cars,
We Have Been Fortunate, in Securing a Representative Line of New 1919 Models
m Both Touring Cars and Roadsters. We Are Now in a Position to Make Imme
diate Delivery on These Models. PHONE OR CALL FOR DEMONSTRATION.
"CADILLAC-Standard ol -the World" '
AFTER ALL, THE REAL SECRET OF THE CADILLAC IS ITS VALUE. THE GOVERNMENT HAD VALUE IN MIND
WHEN THE CADILLAC WAS DESIGNATED THE STANDARD SEVEN-PASSENGER CAR FOR THE UNITED STATES ARMY.
AFTER A CONSIDERABLE PERIOD OF TIME DURING WHICH IT HAS BEEN ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO OBTAIN A
CADILLAC CAR, WE ARE GLAD TO BE ABLE TO ANNOUNCE THAT A CARLOAD OF THE NEW 1919 CADILLACS IS NOW
EN ROUTE TO BISBEE. WE ARE BOOKING ORDERS FOR TH ESE CARS, TO BE FILLED IN THE ORDER RECEIVED.
GEORGE E. JACKSON, Prop.
3
PkTl
zona
AMto
LOWELL, Ariz., Next to Postoffice
omnipsuniy
ED. PLUMB, Local Agent
A' FIVE
i
1
i
r
f
PRIEST DESCRIBES ; WAR GARDENS TO '
MASSACRE OF 20 HELP FEED FRANCE
DAILY REVIEW WAN7 ADS
Advertisements under this heat at the rate of 1 cent per word, each issue, vrith a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 7 p. nv for insertion in next morning's paper.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; givius the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings la these columns.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1919.
!
i
V
i
1
J
j
:
Male Help Wanted
"WANTED Boys to learn paper j
routes. Good money. Review. 2-1 In f
For Sale
FOR SALE Practically new Cole
range, price $20. Call Black S66.
2 25 I
FOR SALE-Roll top desk. swiTel j
chair coal stove sDrine cot. second L
handdeeAcDi floS 1
biding. 2,27,
FOR SALE Modern six room house
on large level lot. Terms. Apply !
123 Quarry canyon. 2-25
er, qii ic o,.
.ulI with "good house, chickeni
1 nd outbuildings, windmill,
s. cw water for irrigating. This ;
place is suitable for chickens, stock j
raising or truck farming. I am leav- i
ine and will sell very cheao for
cash, or give terms if desired. See FOR RENT Three nicely furnished OR RENT Furnished light house
me at 110 Opera Drive, corner I housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerviile. j keeping rooms. Elliott flats, Claw
Broadwav and central school. 2-23 j . . 2-27 I ' son hilL CIose to- 2-26
FOR SALE 19 IS Ford toeing car,
first class ondition, latest style de-:
mountable wheels. Price $375, terms
arranged. Ford agency, Johuson
addition. 2-22-tf
: : '
FOR SALE 19 IS Ford roacster. A-l
condition. Priee ?375, terms ar
ranged. Ford agency, Johnson addi
tion. " 2-22-tf
FOR SALE First class furniture for
four rooms. Will sell by piece or
all together. House No. 1S7 Naco
roaa. tioiorooK stop.
2-23
FOR SALE Fumed oak. furniture for
five rooms. Privilege of renting
house- Warren Drug store. 2-27
FOR SALE Upright mahogany piano,
in good condition. Call at J. i.
Crow, fourth house to the right up
Spring canyon. Mason car stop. 2-25
FOR SALE Four room house with
large lots; also 34 fruit trees. Front
of Brophy fuel yard. LowelL 2-25
FOR SaLE Ford car, in good run
ning shape. Call 105 Jigzerville.
FOR SALE Oak library table, ma
hogany dressing table and chair, ;
. i . -1 - , , ..
imee iioie rama iireiess cooler ann
perfection oil heater. Call 655. 2-23
FOR SALE Two Ford trucks, two
five-passenger Ford, one Oakland
six-cylinder speedster, best buy in
Bisbee; one seven-passenger Stude-
bafcer. one Chevrolet, ope-ton worm
drive truck. W. L. Smart, the Chev-. FOR RENT Two or three housekeep
rolet dealer. Phone 278, leave your j ins rooms, close in. 114 Opera
address.
FOR SALE Just arriveL-Big 4" ;
Chevrolet. See this car before you I
uu. a demonstration win convince
luaL tills IS A UigU -12S aULO-
mobile at a verr low price. W. L.
Smart, local dealer. Phone 27S.
2-23
FOR SALE Ford roadster, or trade
for touring car. Cash difference.'
Phone 101. 2-26
FOR SALE Soda fountain, used one,
season. Apply Warren Drug com-
nan v. it I
FOR SALE Four room house, com-!
pletely furnished, one block from t FOR RENT "Furnished room with
Warren Junction car stop, end of! batn in Warren. Call A. Scott, Lo
Rurpe street, right hand corner. weU depot. Phone 111. 2-23
FOR SALE Two one-ton Studebaker I
trucks in good condition. Inquire at
J. iJ. Angius. Phone 29. 2-25
OR SALE Two lots on Oregon
treet, one cn Chicago avenue. Lo-'
reu, jobnson addition, each 30x60
feeu Address M. J. Greecan. Oak-:
and, Calif. General delivery- 875 '
SOU SALE rUncalled for suits. M.
Levin. Lowell, ArizL
537
11 j
THE BEST BARGAIN V5 OFFER i
TODAY Four mnm hruicc n a n t t--
closets, bath, screen orch.' earae'iFOR RET Three room apartment.!
four lts n.birtrf f;, -a
trees. Cash or pavW-nts. Warren !
L W. Wal'.ace.
FOR SALE White snd Erown Leg
horn chicks. $15 per 100. From bred
to lay stock. My terms are $2 per
r." with order, balance one week
before they are ready. . R. F. d.
No. 3. Pbcenix, Ariz. Forester's
Hatchery. 3.13 1
FOR SALE Four rooms ar.d ba'h. in i FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Broad
V. arren. Large lot. MUht consider i v.ay rooming house. 5-11
selling part of furniture with house, j-
$175. pirt cash, balance less than FOR RENT SOOrt nnn. ft n
$1 per month. Will acctpt Liberty!
bondi at U.e nlw. U ill pay ever
20 p.r cezt on laTtfetswnt. S C.u
Hiig'.er. 2-13 tf1
FOP. SAi.r-Tvn ir:i' i. :
sey. one Durham. Arr'y 22S Cochise
FOR SALK OR TRADE In Gcod
dition. Maxwell mailster for Ford I
truck. S5 Jirzervit'e. - 2-2S j
"ANTED Tv.
liht houKer
Addret-. Je:;c.-. Y. M. V. A.
-
WANTED Plain sen ing
Hardin. Vmliiy bill
Mrs-. Martha j
Lost .
- -
LfST Sy.al! eoM v.ri
v.auhattho;
Horace Mir.n hih n hool. Reward
if returned to Hi?le? Review. 2 2S
Sweater. Frid iv evening. 1
twtn Lincoln m hool and -Meti car;
r inoT leave at Keview oitice. 1
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RLSULTo
lir . i !FOR RENT Four mnm nr f..rnif..ri I r5' T' " S- K' -1 E- n Cn M H-
ZTL ! house with sleeping porch and one 'ai.l?td
., ,, r..i.-v.4 v . 1 try No. ".94. fcr t. 1 NL t-. 2.
o or four rurni5hoo ' w ,w "1" " ! - S XW. . Sec. 27. Tonh;p 22 S..
.iig roons in BisSee. " ... Rue 21 E.. G. i- S R. Meridian, tas
For Rent
FOR RENT Three furnished house-
keeping rooms. John Ceron, War
ren. 3-i
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire at NaT-
ajo trail, Briggs street. Warren,!
Chipperfield house. 2-25 1
FOR RENT Sunny furnished front I
prlrate entrance, bath. Suit-;
abie Ior one or two men- "upper-
at B"ff 3 '
street. Warren. 1 ;
.' FOR RENT Four room
furnished
2-23-tf i
house. Phone SIS.
FOR RENT Three room famished i
apartment. Warren. W. R. Johnson.
Black Knob street.
2-23
pgr rfT Thrpp mnm fnmishAn ;
house and' five room unfurnished.'
near yietx stoPt 41 Laundry f
hilL
2-23 !
FOR RENT Rooms partly furnished
at the Rock house, in South Bisbee.
3-1
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
77 Upper Lowell. Inquire upstairs.
2-26
FOR RENT Well furnished room
with heat. 123 Quarry canyon. 2-26
FOR RUNT Three room furnished
house. 13 Cowan ridge. 3-1
FOR. RENT Three nicely furnished
rcoms for light housekeeping. S3
' Upper Lowell. See Mrs. Nora Cun
ningham, Hiliman cigar stand. Brew
ery avenue. 11 to 4. 2-23 '.
FOR RENT Three room furnished!
bouse and four room partly fur
nished. 207 High road. 2-25
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, - at
Stag club. 3-1
rnp pr-r t, ,
m?j72vi
51 J'Egervllle-
furnished
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms; also cabin for batching. 24 j
Upper LowelL 2-25
i
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms j
ana Data, including piano, m War-;
- -J
ren. .mone Kett ZbU. 2-23
for pfxt Ti,.n' . . .;
FSJJ!ermfarnlshi
Moon Etop, Tombstone canyon. Mrs. J
' 2-23 j
Drire.
2-23
FOR RET Housekeeping rooms.
three minutes from postoffice. 81
otooui nm. 2-23 :
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. SO
Upper Lowell. 2-25
FOR RENT Tw(
k'o rooms lurmshed :
FOR RENT Large furnished front I
rcom for two gentlemen, close to Y. j
M. C. A. Private house. Annlv irtii
I opera urive. 2-27'
;FOR RENT Three room apartment
and bath, unfurnished. No children,
105 Roberts avenue, Mason MIL 2-23
IZZ . ; i
! FOR RENT Two housekeeping J.
I rooms. No objection to children, j"
i jo wpera unve. Z-25
urv-rc- ...u ..,.. ITTZ i
Brophy coal yard, LowelL E. Erick-
soa. 2-23
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms, with lights, water and gas.
nunc uiuc in.
and one two-room apartment. 22 i
Hays house- Tombstone canyon. 2 23 J
i
;Uu RL.T Rooms. Hotel Leucn, I
Maia street- Phone 553. Centrally j
located. Clean newly renovated !
rucis. rtcasonaaie rates to penna-?
nent guest
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rocms.
221 IJrcphy avenue. 2 23
space. Suitable for warehouse, cen-!
trail y located in business district-!
Adires V. II, Review. 2-dh !
t
roK RcNT Thire room house fur-!
E!?hed-
176 Naco road, Holbrook
2-3l
ccn-!Uu RENT Five room fumished
jnea I
r
-
l".cuf modern. 63 Mason hill
phone Green 42.
;F()i: KENT Th r-. rnrrii. ,r.LIv.
kwpiiig rioin-,. John Ceron, Wdr -
rtn. j
r. - -
FtH RENT To nonis furnished for,l!M
houscKerpinz. No children. 2S
J-oniana ttrtt. Johnson addition
tFOK KENT Fumihd rooms, re ss-'
ou:le. close in. Oregon rooms. 13,
O. K. street. 2-22 1
-I
large furnisher i
housekeeping or baichiug rooms.'
1 lih! aU'l "aattr free. C'Ubtoio i
1 ilout. 2 2o i
For Rent
FOR RENT Two rooms nicely fur
nished for light housekeeping. J. H.
Cunningham. S Upper Lowell. 2 23
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house. Apply 37 Montana street,
Johnson addition, upstairs. 2 25
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room.
P reasonable, stove furnished
Mrs. Boston s residence, second
hous 2 2?
FOR RENT Three furnished house-
keeping rooms. 20 Opera Drive.
across bridge. 2-2
FGI RENT Three rooms and sleep
ing porch. Moon canyon. Wm. Buck-
ett- Phone Green 573.
;-tf
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment, gas, wood stove, lino-
leum, front porch. McCunniff house.
near Xaco road. Phone 873. 2-23
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, also one corner room fur
nished, no hills. No. 1 Higgias hill
Phone Black 723.
1-26
Miscellaneous
TAILORING AGENTS Mens made
to order suits. Snappiest, best ma
terials. Prices lower than others.
Hustlers earn big money. Spring
line sent free. Leeds Woolen Mills,
Chicago, Ills. 2-23
BRING YOUR LAUNDRY To Mrs.
Burke, No. 30 Red House, Christian
church. 2-26
SAXOPHONE BY MAIL! LEARN" TO
PLAY For pleasure or profit in 30
to 60 days! Big demand for saxo
phone players 20 lessons $10.
Higham, 1335 South Harvard, Los
Angeles. 2-23
GENERAL AUCTIONEER Bisbee.
. Warren district and Cochise county.
Can sell your furniture in your
house or your merchandise in your
place of business to your advantage.
30 years experience. Reference,
Bank of Bisbee. Phone 257. P. O.
Box 1737. Office and residence over
Uncle Jim's. Brewery Gulch. J. A.
Finney, sr.. Auctioneer. 193
THE STANDARD LAUNDRY Under
new management. Your clothes
.
PRESSURE COOKERS Awnings
made to order, all kinds of second
hand goods bought and sold. Bisbee
Mattress Works. Phone 734. 3-4
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought
Phone 739, City-Dye Works. 604
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SLE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines "Warburton, next Ari
zona grocery store, upper Main. 3-7
h-tjitp rr . .
, - - n.. io3
Business Opportunities
J"""'-" nt.iu jiw i er cent
Good Health:" Vocation guidance;
applying fundamental principles;
selling your services; financial in
dependence; five lessons $5; par
liculars free $100 secures county
agency; boys wanted for Saturday
work. B. F. Improvement Club,
X. 22S Bacon Bldg., Oakland, Calif.
2-23
Agents
n .st n wat, uiornrr
Roosevelt Memorial Book, illustrat
ed. Enormous sales. Best terms.
Livest house. Outfit free. R. L.
T'hillips Pub. Co.. Chicago, Ills.;
Philadelphia. Pa.: Atlanta, Ga
Address nearest office. 2-23
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE One five room
Plastered house m Orange. Calif.
Micht consider automobile in first
class condition as part ravment.
Address Box 664. Warren. Arir. 3-22
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
l.ien. also on furniture- Cox lxan
company. Room 7. Sparks Kline
1-uildin. 166
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
C23275
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Fhoenix. Aris .
, Februarj- 15. 1"10.
Notice is hereby girvn that !.-rl E.
Vnrtces. cf Hereford. Ariion3. vl.f,
cn S -ptembor 5. 1S13. nude Home-1
stoid Entry 023275 tor the SR. Sec. '
fib d notice o intention to make three
Ir.ir proof, to establish ih-im to tiio
''4 - ''1 ?boc dviribxl. before Jand l.
lay lor, L. l. t oiunnssionrr. at lt:srri
I Arizona,
on the 2.th day of Muuh.
fluiiuant names as w it:i'.'st:
ViUiam
Lyth. of Honfoni. Arl-
Albert J. YtiLirhee.-. v( HvmorJ.
Ai rona.
n E. Nelson. IiiRwe. Arize-r.a.
Louis A. BocJ cker. of Turner. Ari-i
zona.
.: v. JOHN L. IIIVlN.'IIe--isier.
REVIEW vVANT ADS
SRING RESULTS
Serbian witnesses Slaying of
! Others From Hiding Place !
tJehind Kock
FinflT Serbia. Jan lrt iCnrn.
spor.dence of The Associated Press.) j
tonunnaiurj etiuecce 01 uie staugn-t
ter of Serbian priests by Bulgarians;
during the war was given to a repre-j
sentative cf The Associated Press to-;
day by the Rev. Miliya Yontschitch, I
pastor of one of the churches here, j
who personally witnessed the massa-i
ere of 20 of his colleagues and one!
. ; i 1 '
2eruan I'liiin. .ii. ne sajs, were
shot and many were burned alive.
Father Yontschitch escaped a simi
lar fate only by feigning death after
he had been snot. He exhibited to
the Associated Press correspondent
two. bullet wounds in his left shoulder.
Another priest, the Rev. Thomas Pop-!
ovitch of Pirot, escaped by fleeing
across the mountain road. j
Priest Tel'i of Murder
The murder of the priests took
place November 25. 1915. in the vil
lage of Kremaencia, about 35 miles
east of Nish, according to the story Oi
ather Yontschitch, which follows:
Father Yontschitch in company with
2 other Serbian priests were taken by
Unitarians from Pirot to Nish, where
they were thrown into a cell and forc
ed to live for five days without food
or water. After his release he and his
companions, "who included Lieut. Tasa
Gcrgevitch of tbe Serbian army, were
marched by their captors for 13 hours
to Beta Palanka, 50 miles east of Nish.
an armed guard walking behind each.
About two hours walk from Bela
Palank, the priests came to a halt
and were ordered to turn off the road
into a very small valley to the right. It
was after midnight and half a moon
gave teh only .illumination to the lone
ly mountain roads and valley. The
priests had not gone far when the
guards shot them in their backs.
Hides Behind Rock
Father Yontschitch dragged himself
in the darkness behind a large rock,
whence he could see the whole scene
of morder being enacted by the Bul
gars. He saw his colleagues dragged,
some dead, some alive, to pyres which
had been prepared for them, and their
bodies thrown to the flames.
Many of tte men. said Father
Ycntschitch. were still alive when the
Bulgars saturated" their bodies with
gasoline and set them afire. Flames
spread about them and they pleaded
piieously for mercy, but their pleas
were met with sneers. After the flames
had spent themselves, said Father
Father Yontschitch. the charred bodie
of 21 victims were thrown into two
holes. Arms. less, heads, he said.
were It ft protruding, exposed to the
ravages of dogs and wolves that in
vest mountains in the neighborhood.
Concealed 21 Months
The Bulgars left the scene before
daybreak. Father Yontschitch made
hLs .vay cn foot ta the village of Pon
cr. and eventually to Pirot. his home.
Tiom that time. 21 montns, he con
cealed himself from the Bulgars un
der the floor cf the house. He lived
almost like a rat focd being' lowered
;o ' him thrcugh & hole in the floor.
Ti;e Associated Press correspondent
visited this place and saw the wretch
ed conditions under which Y'ontschitch
lived. When the priest emerged from
his self-imposed confinement, his ap
pearance had so changed that his
friends failed to recognize him. He
was later seized by the Bulgars and
sent to a prison camp at Eski njuma,
near the Rumanian frontier, where for
three months his only food was a slice
of bread and a few pieces of leek each
day. When the war ceased. Father
Yontscitch and 150 other Serbian
priests were returned home.
To confirm the priest's story, the
correspondent visited the spot where
the victims of the massacre were bur
ied. The place is obscured on all side-s
by mountains. Many bones, skulls
and parts of the priesfs vestments
WHERE WILL YOU
BE AT 50
When your pep is gene and
yoa must quit hard work?
Prepare tor the future. Buy
land now. Make a home.
M'NEAL BASIN land is a
bargain today.
$ COO.OO Relinquishment to 13S acres
shallow water land. House,
well, garage, graded roads,
rural mail, running water
through jvisiure. A snap.
5 40.00 Per month buys 40 acres
best shallow water silt land
in thickly populated dis
trict, graded roads, close to
schools. Can get irrigation
water frvm neishbers. A
ipiendM vul'cy home can
be made here.
Jl.OyO OO Dow a gives you possession
of good farm home, largo
sidobe house, trees, well.
windjr.ni. tank. garden,
gange. A'.l ier.cei. l--7
aero-, close to McXcal. good
roadi:. rural mail free. Nice
place for alulfa. shallow
water silt Terms on
balance.
5 3'Mri Down will get 10 acres of
fir.e garden land, mile Iron:
McNe.tl. cu graded road.
Cood location tor chicken
ranch. Easy terms.
56..IIMIKO Highly developed j3 acre
farm. Shallow water, sandy
siit soil. we!l equipped for
cardeiihig and t hickens and
hogs Graced riKids. ;11 o;
larai ia cultivation, m a!
falta. truit. beans, coru.
veic'.aMc land. Large pum
iug pl.uit. This farm is on
a niLMiey niHkiitg b;fs and
v Hi pay for itself in short
lime. Lots of water. Terms.
"o;ne to MNeal a ad see for
uurei.
L T. Gfli:DLLU McNeal Aiu 2 22
Campaign to Be Launched for
Biggest Producing Year
in History
Br Review Leased Ylrr
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. The Na
tional War Garden commission is pre- '
paring to launch this spring a cam -
paign for "the biggest producing year
ine country ever saw. 10 spur the
home gardeners to renewed efforts
the commission reminds them that the :
clocks of the nation will be set one j Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
hour ahead on the last Saturday brothers cord.ally invited to attend,
eight in March, in compliance with ! Hall phou ItH.
the. daylight saving law in effect for FRANK WEBSTER. N. G.
the duration of the war. LESTER EUSTACE. Sec
"We must help feed the peoole of !
Europe." declared Charles Lathrop PYTHIAN SISTERS
Pack, president of the National War Temple No. 3 meets eTery 2nd
Garden commission, in an appeal to 1 4ta Tuesday evening of each
the home gardeners for larger results. ' month at Odd Fellows' halL Visiting
"Will you have a part in this great , enters cordially Invited,
work at hand? Next to the sun the! ELSIE C ALE Y. M. E. C.
eura hour of daylight is the best I Phone Black 333.
talue the victorv gardener has. WilllOUVE BAILEY, M. of R. C,
you meet the sun half way? Will you j
je up to take advantage of the health-
giving garden work in the cool of the
morning? Have the spade and the hoe
aandy and turn, the clock ahead one
aour on the last Saturday night in
March, and be ready for the biggest J
home food producing year the country i
ver saw
commission, the war garden crop of
191S was worth $525,000,000. This :v n,rncnPVi u
an increase of 51 per cent over that , N- - 5?L, E M
of 1917. ! J. L. POWELL. E. C.
"Figures show that 5.2S5.000 homeF- S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
food producing plots were planted." ter nd Commandery.
says the commission,. "With 26 work-'- R. BANKS. Secretary CouncIL
ing days in each of the seven months i
there are 1S2 extra hours of time. If
only one gardener worked this extra
hour of time In each plot it will be '
seen that 961.S70.000 hours of extra
time would be added to the country's 1
wealth. Since there are S760 hours
in a year there is a staggering total
of 109.S03 years of 24 hour days. In
ait eight-hour working day the real
advantage is found by multiplying
109.S03 by three, giving 323,409 work
ing or eight-hour day years."
Importance of this extra time can
not be over-estimated in the opinion of
Mr. Pack.
being scattered about in confusion.
The correspondent found near the
bones a number of empty cartridges
of Bulgarian manufacture. Little
candles had been placed in the ground
by local peasants, who came each day
to say prayers over the graves after
the Bulgarian evacuation. ,
An international investigating com
mission is expected soon to examine
the scene.
HARBOR AT HONOLULU
WILL BE IMPROVED!
HONOLULU. T. H..
"Tnill Pli ti m n Kv
Jan. 27. (By I
the board of !
' - - -
harbor commissioners call for the ex-1
penditure of more than $3,000,000 for 1
the improvement of shipping facils- j
ties at Honolulu and other territorial i
ports. The commissioners" estimates j
will be submitted to the legislature byj
Governor C. J. McCarthy. I
U. S. TO SHIP SEVEN
TRAINS TO ALASKA
SEWARD. Alaska. Jan. 19. (By
Mail.) Seven solid trains of flat cars
ar to be shipped by the government
frcm the Panama Canal, where they
were used, to Seward, where they
will be put in the service of the rail
road the government is building be
tween Seward and Fairbanks.
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Sisbec
BISBEE LODGE NO. 713.
L.O.O.M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cor-
ilaily InTlted.
R. L GLEASON.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10. 1. o. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
f
A Sbcs-oL evening at Odd
ar0 4 Fellow?' Hall
inone
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Com. Reg.
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
.T. WATKINS. Secy F. & A. M.
j FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E, meets 1st
and 3d Tues-i
days, S p. m.
Eagles Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come.
EDWTX OLLERENSHAW. Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C L. EDMUNDSOX. Aene Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
! Richard L Homestead S9. meet sec-
vch halL Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman,
Phone Black 463.
P. O. Box SSL "Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1495.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREAD NAUGHT
L. a U NO. 210.
4
meets In I. Cx
a F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. in.
Visiting broth
era cordiall
Invited to at
tend. WM.
T. SMITHAN. W M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secreta-y I
P. a Eox 426. Bisbee,
Review Want Ads Bring Results
wiiii 1 1 11 1 11 1 iiiiiiw 11 iima t
as Fired Water
Provides abundant supply oi
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. U
Knights of Pythias.
meets each Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows" Hall at T:
p. m. Ylsitlnf brother
V v- coraiaiiy inrttto.
v
JACK CAIN, C C-
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet eTery
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. a THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OR3ER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic HaU
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday of eaca
month at 7:30 9. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGS DALE. V. M.
1 Phone S00.
j MRS. JESSIE BE VAX. SeCy. P. O
I Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets In I. O. O. F
Kail First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 8 i t to
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
K Bisbee Lodse No.
M 45S. meets the 2d
ana 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
Hall,
vited.
Visiting members cordially in-
JULIA POOLE,. President.
Phone 37S.
i GEO. POOLE. Tress.. P. O. Box 222$
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 162L
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
"'3' Bisbee CampNa isu
y.JTsJv Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich Hall.
S- T. MOSS, Consul.
.3. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
Heater
0
IS
1
i. i
1 ' !
1 1 SIX'
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, FEERUARY 23, 1919.
I TTM1 1 1T
IS M 4 . i z
February
i
IS
MANY THRIFTY HOME LOVERS HAVE SAVED MANY DOLLARS IN THIS SALE. WE WISH TO RE
MIND YOU THAT OUR STOCK IS STILL INTACT AND YOU CAN SECURE MANY GOOD ARTICLES AT
A BIG SAVING.
REMERMER, THIS IS A ONCE A YEAR OPPORTUNITY, AND THE EXTRA SPECIAL VALUE, AS
LISTED BELOW, WILL SURELY INTEREST YOU.
Coal and Gas COMBINATION RANGE
We place these ranges on sale tomorrow, complete,
cheaper than factory cost today, owing to our early pur
chase of several carloads. This enables us to offer our
customers a real saving.
The regular price is $72.00. Sale price ..$59.50
BED ROOItl SUITES
A remarkable offering is this Bedroom Suite, compris
ing Bed, Dresser, Chiffonier, Toilet Table.
The regular price is $1 1 8.00. Sale price $89.50
IilATTRESSES
Fine Felted Cotton Mattresses, full size.
The regular price is $20.00. Sale price... $14.75
STEEL BEDS
3-Piece Steel Bed, 3 ft. size width, spring.
The regular price is $1 5.00. Sale price $11.50
J
HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINETS '
$1 Down $1 per Wed
ciim mi nun inn ujiiiiihhu1 111
4
is
J " - ri
I a 9 i - - . ilJ
m
J i i i )
1 il KITCHEN CASINT II V
INVESTIGATE OUR EASY PAYMENT PLAN
BANC
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
' EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
Phone 20
DR. A. B. ROOD
Has opened a clean, well
equipped
DENTAL OFFICE
in the
EAGLES' BLDG.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
E
1
TO A
IL tUliL illlii ID
AN IMPORTANT EVENT
f 1 1 5 ITf fl f ? f? uni hi n i u hi nniiiu
HOUSE CLEANING TIME!
j Calls for clean papers to put on
. shelves, under rugs, carpets and lino
i leums. We have them in bundles of
' aO at 25c a bundle. Review office
Get Rid of That
Percistent Cough
Stop that weakcnir.p, persistent cough
r cold, threatening throat or lungr
affections, wita Kckman's Alterative,
the tonic and upbuilder of 20 years'
successful vce. t-jc and tLW bottles
from drr.-.Tiris'. t. or from
Ew'KMan 7AB )RATOKr. Philadelphia
PIANO LESSONS
riven by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Opp. High School
QUONG FAT LUNG
Dealer in
Fresh Meats and Vegetables
Naco, Sonora, Mexico
. yiC-'
Win
Ml
c
N ( J-. .
ll I L I lllll.ll lllULM.mx ..I f,,,. l
jfFjrjlL J Hi'
"" " ""'
HI
A AT HALF AND
. TFSSTRAN' r
Medium and Fine China, consisting of1 Fruits, Butter
Dishes, Oatmeal, Plates, all sizes; Platters, Vegetable
Bowls, and Covered Dishes. Don't miss .this oppor
tunity to stock your China closet. , Y2 PRICE.
RUGS AND LINOLEUM
Finest Seamless Axminster Rugs, 9x1 2. New Patterns.
The regular price, $68.50. Sale price...... $62.50
Your choice of two patterns of Linoleum. -
The regular price is $1.25 yd. Sale price, yd. ......$1.00
WALL PAPER
Wall Paper remnants. 2 to 7 rolls to a pattern
25c to $1.00 per Bundle
1000 Rolls Odd Paper at, per
i rnni T7W7 Krc LILTLX i
ut cin iKj AKivii j
I i
COBLENZ. Jan. 23. (By Mail.)
Coblehz. a city of more than 50.000 in
habitants, lost a total of 1,03a men
killed In the. war, according to Ger
man estimates rhich reached the army
of occupation headquarters recently.
In the four years of war 11,723 men
from Coblenz were drafted into the
German army. Several thousands of
these have already returned and many
have taken up their trades, where
they left off in 1914.
Since the armistice was signed,
6,532 men of Coblenz have been dis
charged from the German army, and
every day additional soldiers are re
turning to civil life in the district now
occupied by the third American army.
Calls for clean papers to put on
shelves, under rugs, carpets and lino
leums. We have them in bundles of
50 at 25c a bundle. Review office.
OLDS
Head or chest
are best treated
"externally" with
ICICS VAP0R1
j "YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f. 6071.20
c
v
mm
nil
1 I
K Price
roll J r
5c
ctt rn nr ti a -ttt
in HISTORICAL FILES
(By Review Leased Wire)
HELEXA, Mont. Feb. 22. The first
motion picture film is soon to be add
ed to the historical files of the Mon
tana state library at Helena. It will
show the annual picnic of former resi
dents of Montana at Los Angeles,
Calif., at which 2000 or 3000 Mon
tanans usually are present.
The film also will show residences
of prominent Montana men and will
make one standard reel. It has not
been taken for profit, it is announced,
although it will be 6hown about the
state. The purpose of its production
is to preserve for future generations
the animated images of some of the
Montana men and women of affairs
now living.
COPPER COMPANY TO
EXPAND BIG PLANT
CORDOVA, Alaska. Jan. 15. (By
Mail.) Expansion of the Braden ope
rations by the Kennecott Copper com
pany are to be pushed until, by the
end of this year, it is expected, milling
facilities will have been increased to
permit the daily treatment of 7500
tons of ore instead of the present 5500
tons. The ultimate capacity of the
plant is to be 16,000 tons.
j
i
51 P?S SUM mm
Strike Made Near Gunsight,
1 8 Miles From Ajo, Has
Good Outlook
AJO, Feb. 22. Free milling gold ore
running $2,000 to the ton, and two teet
! of it, at that.
Such is the report of a strike made
; near Gunsight. IS miles east ot Ajo,
by J. J. Sullivan, well known prospec
tor. Samples seem enough to convince;
itte most skeptical, the yellow metal ! "aT,i a11 J""1 vat
standing right out in plain view to Pri"18, .a aff lho" T,hm ,tt
, the naked eyes, and shining brilliantlv I vlcumixei with it t equally mis
. when put under the glass, so that the I rePented and worths venture
sirike. if present indications are veri-! ca,UtJd tbti Monntaia Consolidat-
Ified, will consUtute the b!egt goldled Coppr Mmw company -- wcoe
i find since Gunsighfs palmy dav8 - 8U;k tiU peddled out at W cents
; , , a share until It found its rii&tful level
Free Gold Found i , .-,.vlT, rv-0w
.Not oniy ar ine values niga, but re
ports go far enough to say that there
is all of two feet of gold expected to
run $1 to the pound, to say nothing of
three feet more of milling ore that
will carry- values better than 40 a
ton. Sullivan states also that he baa
fourJ free gold in cropping Tor T5
feet in length.
First, he dug an open pit; then be
sank an incline to a depth of 42 feet.
Here the sides and bottoms are all In
ere. he reports.
The discovery was made a short
time ago. after Sullivan had been
working quietly on the lead and say
ing nothing. The location is about a
mile north of Wall's Well, which is at
the site of the old Gunsight camp. 17
miles from this city. Ore-bearing rock
occurs in dacite porphyry, and the
quartz seems all that is desired.
Refuses Offer
Recently, he states, he was offered
S2.5C0 for the claim, refusing the of
fer, and decided to let the public
know the news that he considers so
good.
In the group, which is the property
of Mrs. Sullivan, his wife, there are
iour mining claims, the name "Sa-
; guaro having been given the srrouo.
Though sufficiently familiar with
ores and this property to feel that he
is capable of judging the values and
venturing the figures and estimates
given above, Sullivan announces that
w m &i once ma.e personally a
thorough mill test at the mill at
Wall's Well, and the result should be
Known shortly.
MEYER ESTATE
TO BE APPRAISED
Taxes Due State Under Inheri
tance Law Will Be
Assessed
BROOKLYN,' X. Y.. Feb. 22.
Charles S. DeVoy, one of the transfer
tax state appraisers connected with
the local branch of the state comp
troller's office, by directicm of Surro
gate Herbert T. Ketcham. stands to
day appointed appraiser of the estate
left by Conrad Meyer, who was the
father of William Meyer of Bisbee,
Ariz?, for the purpose of assessing
taxes due to the state, under the In
heritance tax laws.
According to the surrogate's order
Mr. DeVoy is to file his report with
the clerk of the surrogate's court at
the earliest moment possible.
Mr. Meyer, who was a widower and
78 years of age, 'also was a retired
wine merchant He lived at No. 1223
; Bushwick avenue, where he died on
j September 12 last leaving an estate
; which is estimated at "about $25,000'
J in personal property.
I In his will, executed on October r,
! 1911, and his codicil of December IS,
nicn was admitted to probate
on October 23 last, he directed his
net estate to be distributed as follows
among his four children:
Mrs. Minnie Mauser of Maplewood.
N. J only 11000.
The rest of the estate Into three
equal shares. One to Augusta Crego
of No. 137 Maple street; another to
Emma Ferris of No. 1223 Bushwick
avenue; the third to William Meyer.
Augusta and William Meyer are to
receive their 6hares now. Emma'a
share, however, is to be held in trust
for her until she reaches the age of
40, when she is to receive the princi
pal. Should s"he fail to survive that
age and leave issue, it Is then to go
equally between such issues; other
wise equally between Augusta and
William, the issue of any deceased
one to take parent's share.
William Meyer and Martin H. Crego,
the latter a son-in-law, are the execu
tors of the estate.
NEW COAST BUTTER
RECORD ESTABLISHED
(By Review Leased Wire)
SACRAMENTO, Calif., Feb. 22. A
new Pacific coast record for short
time butter production has been estab
lished at Knightsen. Contra Costa
county, by Adirondac Weitske Dairy
Maid, a registered Holsteln cow, ac
cording to H. v. Bridgeford. one of the
owners of the cow. In an official test
under the supervision of University ot
California testers, she made 41.013
pounds of butter from S31.7 pounds of
milk in seven days. The former coast
record of a fraction more than 40
pounds was held by Tilly Alcartra,
holder of the world's long-time butter
and milk production record.
NEW FISH CANNERY
DOUGLAS, Alaska, Jan. 15. (By
Mail.) Douglas will have a new can
nery in operation this coming season
when J. H. Long opens his plant in
the buildings formerly used by the
Alaska Coast Fish company.
lAftt mum
OF YAVAPAI VALLEY
Having "flim-flammed" numerous
investor with their "Bradshaw Cop
per-mines company fraud and bav-i
log "gotten away with it. the "wild
cat" mining promotion bouse ot Gar
son. Purvis & Co., late ot 42 Broad
way and now at 22 Broadway, ap
parently believes that it can success-
Convincing evidence ot the utterly
valueless character ot the share in
the "Red Mountain Consolidated Cop
per Mines company' haa been furnish
ed ot late in the new fro at Prescott,
Artx.. that this enterprise is devoid
ot cash and. with its treasury abso
lutely bare sad no new ackers" la
sight, la fast foundering.
Thia new has 'been circulated
throughout Arizona, in consequence ot
the company's inability to pay 9404,
which it owes to Colonel Fred Bowler,
general manager and engineer of the
Western Securities Syndicates at
Prescott, on loans made to it by him
two years ago.
Colonel Bowler has Instituted suit
for this amount In the superior court
in Yavapai county, as the unpaid bal
ance due to him on "advances aggre
gating 9602, which he made to it dur
ing the months ot April, May and
June, 1917, and on which the company
has paid only $200, and Is now unable
to make any further payments because
M
pt the dpleted condition ct
treasury.
' The "Red Mountain Consolidated
Copper Minea company venture was
launched two years ago chiefly by Ell
S. Carson and w. J, Peterman, the
partners. In Carson, Purvis A Co.,
Charles H Meyers, James H. Sullivan.
O. s. Brose and D. W. Calkins.
Peterman. and Garson bad previously
made a fiasco of their " Brad 8 haw Cop
per mines company, which name they
had given to the worked -out mining
property of Alex Ratclirr, about eight
miles outside of Prescott.- They rep
represented the "Red Mountain com
pany" as a high-class copper prospect,
owning mining lands 34 miles north
west of Phoenix. Its officers were:
Charles E. Meyers, president; James
H. Sullivan vice president and B W.
Calkins, secretary-treasurer. Meyers
represented himself as having been
foreman of the 'Big Pine Mining com
pany." Sullivan 6a id he had been a
deputy marshal in Tonapah and Gold
feld, Nev., but had achieved more no
toriety as a stock manipulator tham as
a mining expert while in business in
various camps from Cripple Creek, to
Tonopah. "
In preparing the "bait" for unwary
investors, Meyers and Sullivan indulg
ed in all BOrts of hyperbole regarding
the value of the "Red Mountain com
pany's lands and ot their plans for de
veloping them. They, were ably backed
up by the "comeon -literature pre
pared by Garson, Purvis & Co. "
As a matter of fact, the land in
question was leased from H. H Gil
lespie tit Prescott, who now complains
that the .company Is In arrears in its
rent and rid development; work has
ever been done on the property, which
is in Marlc6pa county, except for the
sinking of a shaft about 100 feet -
-Xone-of the officers of the "ited
Mountain Consolidated Copper Mines
company" ever, had anything to do
with the issuance of and sale of the
company's stock, however, as the cer
tificates for . this stock were always
made out and given over to purchas
ers solely by Garson, i-urvia 4b Co.,
from that firm's own offices.
When Garson. Purvis & Co. found
it increasingly difficult to Interestln
vestors In their "Bradshaw Copper
mines company" venture, while the
price of its stock wls' dropplng from
91 to 37V& cents a share, they declared
a 'dividend." payable on May 20. last,
consisting of two shares of "Red
Mountain Copper" stock on each share
of 'Bradahaw Copper" stock. But no
certificates for this "Red Mountain
Copper" stock were delivered to the
recipients of this dividend." Instead
warrants were Issued and used for this
distribution. Then followed a fore
closure on the properties ot the "Brad
shaw Coppermine company"-and the
acknowledgement emptiness - of that
conceras's treasury.
In some instances. Investors "who
bought "Red Mountain Copper" stock
from Garson, Purvis & Co.," are now
ehdeavorig to obtain a return of their
money on "money-back" guarantees
which that firm gave them last win
ter and renewed last spring. But to
date, hone of these disgruntled inves
tors has succeeded In obtaining the
amount of money represented by his
original purchase even with these
guarantee to back up the claims.
Though Garson, Purvis" V Co.. be ran
to sell "Red Mountain Copper" stock
in November, 1917. It did not Institute
me "stunt" of giving out "money
back" guarantees with -subscriDtions
until the outset of January. 191S. when
the slowness of Investors to respond
to its offer of a 'substantial profitable
investment" in this stock made it ap
pear desirable to hold out some addi
tional incentive to "suckers." In these
guarantees, Garson, Purvis & Co,
agreed to repurchase, four months and
some times six months after date, the
amount of shares bought from them at
50 cents a share, with interest at the
rate of 4 per cent. As the first of
these guarantees became operative
early in May, the holders of these
pledges hastened to call upon Garson.
Pun-is & Co.. to "make good" on these
contracts, especially as the price of
the stock dropped perilously close to
SMALL STRIP OF
LAND PRODUCED
HALFMANGANESE
Ground Half-Mile Wide and
Mile Long, Site of Rich
Montana Mine
MISSOULA. Mont.. Feb. 22 (By
the Associated Press.) From a little
strip of ground not more than one and
one-quarter miles long and ith au ex
treme width of half a mile was mined
more than 45 per evct ot the gross ot
manganese produced during the pe
riod of the war. acccrdir.i to the Cnit-
ed States ecological survey.
ir.e uun town of Phi'.ipsbur?.
which is a part o this strip, was for
months a bustling center of industry.
From nearly a score of sbafts and
tunnels Into the brewn mountains
which rise steeply behind it. this most
J precious war metal on used so ex-
iense;y ana one which is Invaluable
in the manufacture of th bt jt steel
poured in a constant stream to be sent
to the mills throughout the country
where the instrument of .var were
produced.
Work Suspentfed
Now Philipsburg gradually is -slipping
back to "normal" and" save for
the unfilled contracts of some of the
mines which will be completed two
moths hence, work in the manganese
mines in the Phttipsburg district is
entirely suspended.
The region containing merchantable
manganese lies directly along the
northerly and southerly contact be
tween the sedimentary and granite
formation there. Throughout the
whole ot it there Is a conspicuous al
teration due to contact metamorphism.
According to opinions of scientists,
who have studieJ the locality thor-
toushly.. the time at which the man-
urimrj caura ug pe
riod of enrichment, was probably dur
ing the pre-Tertiary period.
Where Oil Is Found
The alteration referred to is cou
fined to the sedimentary roeks and in
this formation the manganese ores are
found. They not only occur in bedded
deposits, upon anti-clines dipping Into
the contact, but In tne easterly and
westerly fissure, bearing silver, lead
and sine ores occurring in the sedi
mentary country, entering the contact,
which Is from 20 to SO feet wide, but
apparently not penetrating into the
granite formation.
The manganese is found to consti
tute the ledge-filling of the fissures
as they approach the contact. Asso
ciated with it. at the time ot its dis
covery, wis the rich silver ore of the
Trout group, Algonquin. True Fissure,
and other producers, lying within the
area noted. The cross cut south from
the 400 foot station of the Algonquin
shaft, which, is its greatest depth, cut
29 or more feet of the ore, this being
a part ot the ledge filling.
Rich Deposits
Presuniably
the body coutiuues
downward, but as it had no value at
the time, no attempt was made to de
termine the fact. It, therefore, is as
sumed by miuing men that the man
ganese is to be found in depth in all
of the fissures lying within the niata
morphosed area.
When the demand was made for
manganese the war iodu'strios board,
acting under the provisions of the
war minerals bill, which was enacted
to stimulate production and to regu
late the price of metals essential in
the manufacture of war materials, the
manganese of this district came into
Immediate demand. Sllxht develop
ment showed large and rich deposits
of it.
The production from the rhiltps
burg quadrangle since the beginning
pt the mining and shipment of the raw
material probably will exceed 200.000
tons.
the vanishing point. A tew ot these
guarantees were met with the prom
ised repurchases, but others were
either repudiated point blank or re
newed for a period of six months and
when the renewed guarantees became
operative, they were rejected like the
first set.
The firm of Garson. Purvis Co-
consists of E. S. Garson. a former
stock salesman and manager of cus
tomers' rooms for other brokers hand
ling "outside securities." and W. J.
Peterman & Co., ot 25 Broad street,
whose operations in ' Blue Bird" stock
are still among the most vivid of the
unsavory exploints on the New York
curb market. Latterly Peterman acted
as an office manager for John Mulr
& Co., but at one time we was closely
associated with Pfiefer & Co., and
Price & Co. New York Curb.
340 JOIN SCHOOL OF
'AMERICANIZATION'
(Pv Bevlew leased TVIre)
BUTTE. Mont, Feb. 12. Twenty
five men and women, almost all ot
them natives of other lands, are be
ginning at the bottom ot the education-"
al ladder in Butte's "Americanization
school." They are studying their alph
abet In the afternoon and evening
classes for foreigners being conducted
under the direction ot the local board
of education.
Natives ot 23 countries are enrolled
in the classes, which, since their es
tablishment late in January, have at
tained a membership of 340, of whom
SO are women. The more advanced ot
the students were put at the study of
history, civics and the literature ot
America, but the illiterate were organ
ized into primary classes.
HOUSE CLEANING TIMEI
Calls for clean rapers to put on
shelves, under rugs, carpets and lino
leums. We have them in bundles of
50 at 25c a bundle. Review office.
SEND THE REVIEW TO FRIENDS,