COPPER ..ICE
Average price of copper,
Engineering and Mining
Journal .quotation, for Sept.,
21.755; Oct. 21.534, Nov.
19.758.
WEATHER
Arizona: Wednesday and
probably Thursday fair. Lit
tle change in temperature.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 285
EIGHT PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 191 9
EIGHT PAGES
PRICE FIVE CENTS
CAfflJSI
1 U D .
STATE DEPT. '
AWAITS REPLY
TO THE LATEST
in
Errors In Cable Transmission
Said to Have Delayed Its
Presentation; Officials
Display Impatience
Prompt Action Is
Demanded By U. S.
British Subject Is Kidnapped,
But Quickly Released When
Federal Troops Start
In Pursuit of Bandits
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. With
much impatience the state depart
ment today awaited word from Mex
ico City of the release -of Consular
Agent Jenkins in the penitentiary at
Puebla in response to this govern
ment's second sharp- note to Car
ranza. The department tonight had
not been advised of the note's deliv
ery, but officials said it probably was
presented during the day and they
expected prompt action by the Car
ranza administration in acceding to
the "request" of the United States.
The note was forwarded early Sun
day and a delayed dispatch from the
Mexican capital said the Mexican
foreign' office announced late last
night that it had not been received.
Errors in .cable transmission were
said to have delayed its presenta
tion. '
A new sidelight on the general
Mexican kidnaping situation was
given today in a report of the cap
lure of Norman Rowe, a British sub
ject, by rebels at Zacatecas, who held
him for ransom, but who quickly re
leased him at the instance of the
Carranza administration without pay
ment of ransom.
Great Britain never recognized the
Carranza regime in Mexico.
The British vice consul at Zacate
cas promptly notified the Mexican
authorities and reported the kidnap
ing to the British consular general
at Mexico City. Representations
"were quickly made to the Mexican
government and within a few hours
the machinery, including the military,
was seeking to rescue Rowe.
The kidnaping took place at Fres
nillo, a large mining camp at Zaca
tecas. and in reporting the liberation
and leturn of Rowe to Fresnillo the
vice consul said:
"The government troops and the
state authorities exercised all dili
gence in effecting the liberty of
Rowe .and as a mere matter of jus
tice this should be stated, as every
thing is due to the efficacy with
which the authorities moved in the
matter."
STEAMER TOWED.
ASTORIA, Ore.. Dec. 2. The dis
abled steamer Nlshmaha was towed
into port early tonight by the coast
guard cutter Algonquin.
m
1 NOTE
SOUTH DAKOTA REPUBLICANS
INDORSE WOOD FOR PRESIDENT;
DEMOCRATS CHOOSE WILSON
PIERRE, S. D., Dec. 2. Major General Leonard Wood was indorsed for
president of the United States early tonight by the . Republican state con
vention aftir a spirited struggle in which Governor Frank O. Lowden of
Illinois came out second best. While the Republicans were meeting in one
legislative chamber of the state capitol, the Democratic state convention in
the opposite chamber indorsed President Wilson for a third term by a unani
mous vote.
Wood received 28,599 votes from the Republican majority and Lowden
got 15,442.
The Republicans Indorsed Governor Cslvin Coolidge of Massachusetts
for the vice presidential nomination. Coolidge received a heavy mejority. A
few scattering votes were cast for Theodore Roosevelt, Senator Hiram John
son and Henry Allen of Kansas.
The only other presidential possibility mentioned at the Democratic con
vention was William G. McAdoo. After President Wilson was Indorsed a
delegate moved that the convention indorse McAdoo in the event that Presi
dent Wilson decides not to be a candidate. The motfcm was ruled out of order.
The Democrats spent most of the afternoon discussing their platform,
and particularly the labor plank. The Republicans adopted their platform
in the fortneon. The keynote of the Democratic platform was permanent
peace under the league of nations. The paramount issue of the Republican
resolutions was Americanism.
Both parties Indorsed the league of nations.
The Democratio convention indorsed Vice President Marshall for a third
term, if he if s candidate.
MAN SENTENCED TO DEATH PLEADS
FOR EXPEDITION OF HIS EXECUTION
IN LETTER TO DISTRICT ATTORNEY
NEW YORK, Dec. 2. A plea to expedite his execution, which he
termed his suicide, was sent to District Attorney Lewis in Brooklyn
today by Gordon Fawcett Hamby, whose exploits as bank robber and
train bandit covered the Uniied States and Canada. Hamby was con
victed last June of murdering the paying teller of a Brooklyn savings
bank. At his trial he boasted of his exploits and professed a desire
to be executed as quickly as possible.
His 'letter to Mr. Lewis was signed Jay Ballan, which he insists
is his proper name.
"I deem it," he wrote, "as much to your advantage as mine for
you to expedite this 'suicide.' I hope that you will see fit to expedite
the matter, as I am dying standing up, so to'speak. Whether it is the
menu, environment or the incarceration, I do not know, nor care, but.
I do know that you would feel bad if the law were cheated of such a
willing offering. Do not let it be cheated, Mr. Lewis."
MINERS MAY BE
T
Government Convinced Strik
ing Coal Miners Violating
Injunction, and Will In
stitute Proceedings
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 2.
Convinced that efforts to bring about
a resumption of operation of coal
mines through offers of 14 per cent
wage advance to miners have failed
and that the injunction issued by
United States District Judge Ander
son against the strike has been vio
lated, the government has concluded
to institute contempt proceedings at
once, it was indicated tonight.
Federal agents would make no
statements as to when court action
might be expected, but it is known
that evidence has been collected
against alleged violators of the in
junction and in well informed circles
it was confidently expected that ar
rests would be made within 48 hours.
U is understood that the govern
ment has delayed taking action in
the hope that some other way out of
the fuel difficulty would be found.
The injunction, as explained by.
Judge Anderson, extends to individ-
I I A - . 1 .
in i miners, operators or oiner per
sons who In any way encourage the
strike or interfere with production
of coal. Government attorneys, it is
said, interpret this to mean that any
statement made by miners, or any
agreement between two or more men
to continue on strike, constitute a
violation of the injunction.
DESERTER CAUGHT.
PRESIDIO. Dec. 2. Private A n
gelo Bruno, an alleged .deserter from
the American army, who was arrest
ed by a detachment of the 88th Mex
ican cavalry at San Juan, Chihuahua,
recently, yesterday was turned over
to a representative of Col. J. J. Horn
brook, commander of the Big Bend
district.
TO OPEN BRANCH.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 2. Alfred
Franklin, internal revenue collector,
announced today on his return from
New Mexico that a branch office
would be established in Albuquerque,
N. M.
CHARGED I T
CDNTEMP
Henry Frick, One of
America's Richest
Men, Dies Suddenly
NEW YORK, Dec. 2. Henry Clay
Frick, pioneer ironmaster and one of
the foremost art collectors in the
United States, died suddenly at his
Fifth avenue home today in his seven
tieth year.
For three weeks he had been suf
fering from ptomaine poisoning, but
in a statement issued late today, his
physician, Dr. Lewis Connor, asserted
that "Mr. Frick for the past month
had shown symptoms of an organic af
fection of the heart, which presuma
bly was the late result of the severe
attacks of inflammatory rheumatism
to which he was ' subject in earlier
life."
Dr. Connor added that Mr. Frick
died "in the midst of what seemed to
be satisfactory improvement in his
condition."
The sudden passing of Mr. Frick
shocked W.U1 street, although it had
no appreciable effect on stock values.
Until the last Mr. Frick retained his
interest in business.
AGED PHOENIX
KILL IX,
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 2. A drama
tic touch was given to a coroner's In
quest today when J. W. Shelton, aged
58, testified that his elderly partner,
Ira J. Richards, 70 years oi age, nad
shot Ustacio Espinosa on the river
bottom homestead of Richards and
near the cabin where the men lived,
ten miles southwest of Phoenix, yes
terday. Espinosa and his brother-in-law,
named Seperano, were cutting
wood on the Richards homestead af
ter having been warned off the prem
ises, it was said.
As a result of Shelton's testimony,
he and Richards were held in the
sheriff's custody to await arraign
ment proceedings probably tomor
row. Sheriff Montgomery said Rich
ards had admitted to him that he had
fired twice at Espinosa, but that
Shelton also fired once.
Shelton said that on Sunday he and
Richards ordered the Mexicans off
the place and were threatened with
axes and stones. Monday, he said,
they heard the Mexicans . again chop
ping and that he took a shotgun and
Richards a rifle to scare them away.
They penetrated the thicket until they
could see the Mexicans, he said, and
Richards fired once, but not at the
Mexicans. Shelton said Espinosa and
Seperano then charged towards them
and at 75 feet Richards fired a second
time a wild shot like the first. As the
Mexicans did not halt, Shelton said,
Richards fired a third time and said,
"I got him" as Espinosa fell. Shelton
testified he and Richards buried their
weapons and disclaimed knowledge of
the shooting, fearing an uprising of
Mexicans in the vicinity.
Clergymen to Meet
In Phoenix Today
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 2 Repre
sentative Protestant clergymen and
laymen of this city and from every
coiinty in Arizona will meet here to
morrow to attend a three-day state
training conference of the Inter
church World Movement of North
America. The sessions will be held
in the First Baptist church. The
delegates, several hundred in num
ber, and members of the leading
evangelical denominations, will be
given an Intensive training In the
purpose and program of the Inter
church World Movement to fit them
for leading similar training schools
in t'i'r home counties.
LEGISLATION TO CURB UNREST
ADVOCA TED IN PRES. MESSAGE
IREVISIONOF
TARIFF AUIIS
INCLUDED IN
SUGGESTIONS
Genuine Democratization of
Industry to 'Protect Both
Labor and Capital Is
Urged On Congress
Does Not Discuss
the R. R. Problem
Diversified Opinions Express
ed Following Seperate Read
ings In House and Senate ;
Democrats Commend It
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. A diversi
fied program to restore a peace time
business status, revise the tax sys
tem, curb unrest, reduce the cost of
living and rectily labor and farming
conditions was recommended by
President Wilson tday in his mes
sage to the new session of congress. )
The president asked for new tariff
laws based on the nation's changed
relation to the rest of the world, sug
gested that the income and excess
profits ta schedules be simplified,
advocated steps to improve rural
conditions and promote production,
and declared for a "genuine democra
tization of industry" to protect both
labor and capital.
The railroad problem he reserved
for a future message and he made
no statement of his intentions re
garding the peace treaty or Mexico.
To meet the cost of living, the
president asked extension of the war
time food control bill, federal regu
lation of cold storage, readjustment
of food transportation and establish
ment of a system of federal licensing
for all corporations engaged in inter
state commerce.
He declared the causes of unrest
to he superficial and temporary and
made his only reference to the sen
ate's failure to ratify the peace
treaty in saying that restlessness was
due largely to the nation's hesitation
in determining its peace policy. The
federal government, he declared,
should be armed with full authority
to deal in the criminal court with
those who promote violence.
He asserted that the right of indi
viduals to strike must be held invio
late, but added that there must be a
firm stand against "the attempt of
any class to usurp a power that only
government itself has a right to ex
ercise as a protection to all."
Finally he suggested the establish
ment of a tribunal for peaceful deci
sion of industrial disputes.
He renewed his recommendation
for a budget system of national
finances, asked for special protec
tion to promote thfe dyestuffs and
chemical industries and declared the
administration bill . providing farms
for soldiers should be passed with
out delay.
The message, about 5000 words, in
length, was transmitted to the capitol
by messenger, the president express
ing regret that his health would not
permit his delivering it in person. It
was read separately in senate and
house, where it drew mixed expres
sions of approbation and disappoint
ment. The Democrats generally
praised it as setting forth decisively
a practical program of reform, while
on the Republican side there were
many complaints that it lacked defl
niteness and omitted" mention of im
portant problems.
WANT PERMANENT RIGHTS.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 2. Resolu
tions recommending to the secretary
of the interior that dry lands granted
watrr rights by a recent decision of
the superior court of Maricopa coun
ty be granted permanent water ngnts
were adopted at a meeting of the,
board of governors of the Salt River,
Valley Water Users' association to-
day.
Important Legion
MeetingTomorrow
All members of L. A.
Engle, Jr. Post of the Amer
ican Legion are urgently re
quested to attend the meet
ing at 8 o'clockk tomorrow
evening, Thursday, in Le-'ff
gion Hall. Matters of the
utmost importance to every
man in the local post are to
come before the meeting.
Actual Legislation
In Both Houses Is
Started After Pres.
Message Delivered
-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2. Congress
got into full swing today with re
ceipt of President Wilson's annual
message and inauguration of actual
legislation in both senate and house.
The message was read separately
to each body with floors and galler
ies crowded. When it was concluded
both senate and house began three
months of work ahead.
The senate took up the Cummins
railroad bill, hoping for its passage
before the Christmas holidays. House
leaders arranged for immediate at
tack on the annual appropriation bills
carrying almost five billions, as sub
mitted by the departments.
The house adopted during the day
the conference report on the Edge
bill authorizing foreign trade financ
ing corporations, and the measure
now goes to the president for appro
val. In the senate no formal move to
ward final disposition of the German
peace treaty was made and the presi
dent's message made brief reference
to it, with a view to a special mes
sage later.
Congress also will receive a special
message on the railroads.
DLFO SAYS
E
CHICAGO, Dec, 2. The Pan Motor
company of St. Cloud, Minn., has been
subject to the attacks of its enemies
ever since it was organized, S. C.
Pandolfo, president and organizer,
testified today when he resumed the
stand in his own behalf in the trial
of 13 corporation officials accused of
abuse of the mails in stock selling
operations.
"Unfriendly eyes were turned to
ward us," he said, "and we were ham
pered in many ways by the activities
of our enemies."
He also told the jury that a trans
action of May, 1918. whereby he was
to receive 100,000 shares of Pan stock
for half the selling price was entered
into to protect the company In case
its license to. sell stock was taken
away in any state.
"I knew that I could dispose of the
stock personally if the license of the
company was cancelled," he said,
"and did this to protect the company
in this."
He told of the trip he made from
Indianapolis, Ind.; to St. Cloud in the
first Pan car, which the need and
Glazer engineering firm of the former
city built for him. The car broke
down several times, he testified, but
in all cases because of careless and
faulty construction work.
"I felt that I had been buncoed, or
to put it mildly, robbed'ie stated.
It is expected the cross examination
of Pandolfo will begin early tomor
row. I. W. W. ACTIVITY,
OAKLAND, Calif., Dec. 2. Resolu
tions pledging the I. W. W. to estab
lish fraternal relations with revolu
tionary groups throughout the world,
said to have been adopted by tha
general executive board of the or
ganization at a meeting held in Chi
cago last August, were Introduced in
evidence !n cuoerlor court here today.
PAND
CD.
ED
AFTER WANDERING FROM FARM
TOFARRfilN LARAMIE COUNTY
i SUF'TRIIB Mil MP FSCSPFfl
BANDIT FINALLY HUNTED DDI
Sheriff Shoots Highwayman When He Reaches For His Gun
As Posse Enters Door of Cabin Where He Was in
Hiding; Is Taken to Hospital, Where He Will Be
Kept Under Guard Until Prison Guards
Arrive; Wound Not Believed Fatal
DOUGLAS, Wyo.. Dec. 2. William
Carlisle, train bandit, again is a pris
oner tonight, under guard in the
Douglas hospital, where he is suffer
ing from a bullet hole in his right
lung. He was shot down by Sheriff
A. S. Roach of Wheatland this after
noon after he had been surrounded in
the cabin of Frank Williams, IS
miles southwest of here.
Carlisle's trail through a heavy
snow in the Laramie peak country
was followed from early Sunday
morning by two posses of 20 men.'
The -train bandit escaped from the
posse early today, jumping from a
window of the Widow Brae's ranch
home as the posse members entered.
He was captured at 3:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
. Carlisle seized a pistol as Sheriff
Roach entered the Williams ' home,
but before the bandit could fire the
sheriff had sent a bullet through the
bandit's right 'lung. First aid treat
men was given the outlaw and he was
carried down the mountain strapped'
to a pack horse and brought to Doug
las in an automobile.
Carlisle has been in the Laramie
peak country since his escape after
robbing the Los Angeles Limited
train near Medicine Bow on Novem
ber 18. Letters and' telegrams pur
porting to have come from the bandit
in Denver and other parts of the coun
try were frauds. He made no at
tempt to conceal his identity.
It was Carlisle's frankness in ad
mitting his identity that caused his
undoing. Saturday "night Sheriff
Roach received word that Carlisle
was in the Laramie peak country.
He notified John C. Gayle, chief spe
cial agent of the Union Pacific at
Omaha, who was in Cheyenne, and a
WHO ARE TO BE PRESIDENTIAL
NOMINEES IN 1920 CAMPAIGN?
REVIEW TO TAKE STRAW VOTE
Will Wilson run again for president in 1920? Will the mantle of Roose
velt fall on the shoulders of Senator Hiram Johnson of California or of Gen
eral Leonard Wood? Is Senator Henry Cabot Lodge too old to make th
race? Are the Democrats grooming Senator Atlee Pomerene of Ohio as a
successor to Wilson? Or will W. G. McAdoo or Secretary of War Baker be
the Democratic choice? What chance has Poindexter? Hitchcock? Cool
idge? Who will be the candidate of the new labor party?
These are just a few of the questions which are agitating the public
mind at present regarding thepresidential election next year. Success for
any party, i t is generally agreed, depends largely upon the candidate nomi
nated for the presidential race. There are many other candidates and near,
candidates besides those selected above.
The Review hps decided to take a straw vote during the next ten days,
in an attempt to determine the opinion in the Warren District a to who the
presidential candidates should, or will, be. The Review is anxious to hear
from all its readers in the matter, irrespective of affiliation with any politi
cal party. It is the purpose of the straw vote to reveal not only who are
the local favorites in each party, but the relative strength of the various
parties in the Warren District.
The coupon printed below will be published daily in The Review for a
period of 10 days, at the end of which time all the filled-ln coupons received
will be counted, and the result of the straw voto announced. Fill in'the
coupon and mail it to "POLITICAL EDITOR, BISBEE DAILY REVIEW."
To make the vote bona fide and prevent "repeating," the sender's name must
be signed, but names will be treated in strictest confidence, and will under
no circumstances be published.
WHO IS YOUR
My Choice for the
in 1920 is .
I f?.vor him because
Siqned
posse was sent Saturday nisht from
Cheyenne by special train.
In the meantime, Sheriff Roach had
organized another posse and took a
train to Dwyer. There the posse ol
tained teams and drove through a
bitter blizzard to the ranch of Bob
Fletcher, at the head of Fish creek,
on the south side of Laramie peak.
The snow was so deep it was im
possible to go further with teams and
the posse proceeded Sunday morning
on horseback to the top of the pe.ik.
The remainder of the pursuit was
made on foot, the horses being un
able to plow through the huge drifts.
' ITie poSe learned that Carlisle had
eaten Thanksgiving dinner at the
ranch of William Hill. From almost
every rancher the posse obtained
further information. He had dined at
the home of one rancher one day. an
other the next. Yesterday morning
he was at Jim Shaw's ranch on Horse
shoe creek. He had dinner and sup
per at Frank Day's, near Esterbrook
park and was traced to that place
this morning. It was then learned
that he had left this morning from
the home of Frank Newell for the La
Bonte country and the posse lost his
trail.
Later in the morning the posse
learned by telephone that Carlisle
had gone to the Widow Bray's home. .
and it was from here that Carlisle
made his escape, when almost in the
hands of his pursuers, just before
noon.
The bandit then doubled back on
his trail to Scott Hamilton's ranch
and from there toward Eterbrook
park.
It was not hard for the posse to fol
low the fresh trail to Williams' home
in the wildest part of the I .a ramie
peak country, where he was captured.
CANDIDATE?
nomination for President
- .". - PAGE TWO
THE BISliEE DAILY ItEVZW
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1919
1 i '
KYLE RESIGNS
fit 1 mm
a'.t-y'aMMiiM.iwiM.
H
ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
STOCK BRANDS WILL BS
ISSUED ON DECEMBER 12
PHOENIX. Doc. '2. Ed. V. Steph
tiis. secretary of the state live stock
sanitary board, states that he has
issued the last call tothe cattle own
ers to have their brands re-recorded.
The final day set to receive applica
tions is Dec. 12. and after that day
the titles to brands v. ill revert to the
state. It is the belief of the secre
tary that over 50 per cent of the
brand titles will revert to the state.
No brand owner has a reasonable ex
cuse for not complying with the law,
as there is no charge for the re-recording
of his brand, while there is
a fee for the issuance of a new
brand.
For the information of those who
have heretofore made application for
the re-recording o? their brands,
Stephens states that there is no need
for them to feel uneasy if they have
not received their certificates, as
hundreds of them are now ready and
Mill be maiTed shortly. Much of the
delay in the issuance of certificates
has been due to the. fact that the title
has not been clear and that the bill
of sale must be rerorded before the
certificate could be issued.
ed at the way prices on canned
goods are going up. Canned straw
berries that they used to retail for
25 cents now cost them 46 cent a
wholesale.
Mr. Rickel believes a news dis
patch lie recently read gives a key
to the present high prices on canned
goods. The dispatch told about a
woman fruit grower in southern Cal
ifornia who had contracted to de
liver a certain amount of apricots
and peaches to one of the biggest
canning combinations in the country.
She was short four tons of peaches,
for which, had she delivered them,
she probably would have been paid
about $80 a ton. Now they are suing
her for $1250, which, they; assert,
represents the profit they would
have made on the four tons of
peaches had they been delivered.
Mr. Pickel says that when it comes
' to canned goods, any charge of prof
iteering must be directed principally
at the canners.
FLOODS COST ARIZONA
$60,000 ON AGUA FRIA
PHOENIX, Dec. 2. Damage done
thp state highway bridge across the
A.T.ta Fria by the recent floods Is
estimated by State Engineer Mad
dock to tun between $50,000 and $60,
000. Both approaches have been
badly torn up and the course of the
river has been changed till nqw very
little water runs under the bridge,
the main body flowing through a 500
foot gap between one approach and
the bank. ,
Work will start immediately in re
pairing the damage. It is believed
that tn entire new section will have
to be couatructed to bridge the. 500
foot gap. '
Long distance reports from Yuma,
received late Sunday evening, contra
dicted thst Yuma was in serious dan
ger from -flood waters of the Colorado.
"PORT- OLIVE" DECLARED
NOT BEVEKAGE BY CLIENT
TUCSON, Dec. 2. A concoction of
port wine and olive oil offered for
sale locally about two years ago and
withdrawn on a storm of protest was
declared a medicine by Dr. A. E. Vin
son, state chemist, college of agricul
ture, und agricultural ;experiuynt
station! University of Arizona, in a
communkaiion to County Attorney
Khke T. Moore, given out yesterday.
The coiuootion contains 19 per cent
alcohol -and has a marked cathartic
effect. Dr. Vinson finds.
"Individuals addicted to wine
driuking might take sufficient to get
a marked alcoholic effect," he con
cluded his opinion, "but the cathartic
el feet that would follow would prob
ably prevent a. repetition of the ex
perience. I would therefore class
the tonic" under consideration as a
medicine and not as a beverage.
14 INCHES OF RAIN
FALL IN QUARTZSITE
YUMA, Dec. 2. Joe Johnson, Will
iam Robinett, William Andrick and
. O. Weeling, all of Quartzsite,
were in Yuma Saturday on legal
business. Mr. Johnson is among the
old timers at Quartzsite, and has
been a prospector and miner for a
quarter of a century. He says that
the recent flood at Quartzsite was
the greatest ever known. Fourteen
inches of water fell in four ' hours.
The town is slowly recovering from
the effects- of the flood.
WHY CANNED GOODS
ARE HIGHER NOW
FLAGSTAFF. Dec. 2. T. A. Rick
el. manager of the grocery depart
ment at Babbitss, says he is astound-
Business Locals
New Blilpnlent of select books just
arrived. ' Popular copyrights and chil
dren's Christmas books. Buy early.
Lowell Drug Co. Adv.
Beautiful line of fancy stationery.
Ideal Christmas presents. Lowell
Drug Co. Adv.
Kodaks are scarce, but you can get
a good one for Christmas If you buy
now. Lowell Drug Co. Adr.
Fountain pens for Christmas. See
our stock, plain and decorated. Low
til Drug Co. Adv.
Best hot chocolate in twn Daily
and Sunday. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
A pmall deposit will reserve your
Christmas selection till December 2').
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Ferfumery for Christmas Palmers,
Roger Calcts, Djcr Kiss. Advt.
rcrfumcry for Christmas Palmers.
Roger Galet's. Djer Kiss. Advt.
Buy him a ca.so for his Kodak or
ii tuU dfc'. fcluper. Low II Dru Co.
Advt.
DR. VAN DER VEER
SUFFERS PARALYSIS
FHOENIX. Dec. 2 Dr. Charles
Van Der Veer, secretary of the Salt
River Valley Water Users' associa
tion, is seriously ill at his home. No.
607 North Third avenue, in this city,
accoiding to an announcement made
this morning by attending physi
cians. '
He is reported to have suffered a
stroke of paralysis Sunday, which
forced him to remain in bed. While
his condition is regarded as serious,
it is expected that he will recuperate
completely within a short time.
COST OF LIVING WAR
IS LAUNCHED IN YUMA
YUMA. Dec. 2. According to a
nation-wide plan that has been de
vised at Washington, Yuma, with
other cities over the country, is mak
ing ready to fight the high cost of
living. Next week County Attorney
Timmons and F. E. Elliott of the
board of supervisors will go to
Phoenix, where they will meet in
conference with other representa
tives of the various counties in the
state, with state officials, and with
Attorney General Palmer, to discuss
ways and means to make living
cheaper in the state of Arizona.
In the cities of the state is being
organized what is known as a fair
price board. On the board will be
found members from every walk in
society, and every business will be
represented. The consumers are
represented by three members, the
laborers by two members, the whole
sale grocers by one member, the re
tail grocers by one member, the
clothiers by one member, the retail
shoe business by one member, the
wholesale meat business by one
member and the retail meat business
by one member.
PIONEER OF FLAGSTAFF
RETURNS OIL MAGNATE
FLAGSTAFF, Dec. 2. Edward
Smith of Detroit, Mich., arrived in
Flagstaff the first of the week and
is the guest of his brother, Lee
Smith. Mr. Smith was a resident of
this section of the country some 17
years r go and owned the Indian trad
ing post known as the Wolf post for
a year or so. He is now heavily in
terested in the oil business in the
Texas field and will go there from
here on an Inspection trip. He has
never forgotten bis early experiences
in Arizona and .napes to come back
some time and make Flagstaff his
home.
H. C. L. to Get Ano ther Blow
When Municipal Store Opens Up ,
Within the Next Twelve Days
Old H. C. L. was given another: 1,000 cans tomatoes, No. 10, 33
solar plexus blow last night when it j cents per can.
was announced by Mayor Erickson j 10,000 packages tobacco, Prince Al-
that Bisbee's new municipal store for bert, 10 cents per package.
the sale of foodstuffs and army I 5,000 packages tobacco, Bull Dur-
goods will be opened within the next ham, 7 cents per package.
12 days. A location has been secured i pry Goods.
and rented at the entrance to O. K. I 2,000 blankets, reclaimed, wool and
street that is convenient to the shop- fotton mixed, $3.50.
ping center. It will be installed in ! 1,000 corn brooms, 60 cents.
the Shattuck-CareUo building, which j i.ooo scrub brushes at 15 cents.
is next to the old county jail building, j 200 ash cans at $3.
The immense shipment which is ; 500 pairs drawers, summer, cotton.
expected to arrive any time wi :nin new assorted sizes, 50 cents.
the next 12 days, will be sent from El j 500 pairs drawers, cotton, reclaim
Paso and San Antonio government 05 cents.
warehouses. 1 he value in dollars ana 500 pairs drawers, winter, fleece
cents of stock to be carried by the lined, reclaimed, assorted sizes.
1.000 pairs gloves, jersey knit, new,
assorted sizes, 20 cents.
100 cases toilet paper, 8 1-3 cents.
100 shovels, long handle, R. P., $1.
3.000 pairs socks, summer, new, as
sorted sizes, 15 cents.
3,000 pairs socks, woolen, reclaimed,
assorted sizes.
500 huck towels, 20 cents.
500 summer undershirts, new, as
sorted sizes, 50 cents.
500 summer undershirts, reclaimed,
assorted sizes, 25 cents.
1,000 pairs shoes, marching, re-
months ago. Since then in line with ' claimed, sizes 6, 6V&. 7, 7V&. 8, 8, 9,
several other Arizona cities, arrange-! 9. 10.
ments were completed with the gov- 1,000 pairs shoes, Russet, reclaimed,
1 1
K. of C. DANCE
At K. of C. Club House
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 48:30 P. M.
new score, for which the city of Bis
bee will act as sponsor, is in the thou
sands, for, as explained by Mayor
Erickson, better prices could be se
cured by purchasing in carload lots
than in the small consignments, and
in this manner the cost to the buyers
will be considerably lessened.
The new municipal store is not the t
first venture that the city has had in
the mercantile fields. The first one
which met with such success viis that
cr the sale of several carloads of
bacon and canned goods only a few
emment disbursing officers .for the
sale or army surplus goods and Bis
bee has ordered one of the largest
shipments yet brought into the s:ate.
Following is a list of the goods
that will be placed on sale, together
with the prices to be charged. "The
blankets," said Mayor Erickson, "are
what is known as reclaimed, which
means that they have been thorough
ly laundered and disinrected after
they were taken from the large s.or
age warehouses of the government.
They are all in
same sizes as marching shoes.
They All Demand It
Oicbee, Like 'Every City and Town
in the Union, Receives It
People with kidney ills want to be
ciued. Whn one suffers the tor
tures of an aching back, relief is
eagerly nought for.' There are many
remedies today that relieve, but do
fine shape and are ' not cure. Doan's Kidney Pills have
The resignation of Sam H. Kyle as
city attorney was tendered to the city
council at its regular semi-monthly
meeting held last night in the city
hall. ,
"My private law practice requires
my entire attention, and I do not feel
as though I could in justice to my cli
ents take the time that is required to
attend to the duties of the city attor
ney's office," said Mr. Kyle in expla
nation of his resignation.
After accepting Mr. Kyle's resigna
tion the city council unanimously ap
pointed John Sanders, of Ell in wood &
Ross's law office, as city attorney, his
duties to begin at once.
The report of Police Judge Hogan
for the month of November was read
to the council. That business was ex
ceedingly good in his department was
shown by the amount of fines assess
ed, namely. $719 on the basis of 88 pa
trons, of which 66 paid in cash. Rou
tine matters occupied the remainder
of the meeting. Police Chief Kemp
ton reported that since his appoint
ment to the position of postmaster
general business was picking up and
the citizens were no longer serenaded
by the Focky Mountain canaries in
the early morning hours.
GENTS, $1.00
LADIES FREE
rui'win in 1 tmr mw a
AUTOMOBILE AND GARAGE
BISBEE
GUIDE
LOWELL
Showing the Principal Automobile Agencies, Auto and Tire Supply
Houses, Garages, Auto Repair Shops and Vulcanizing Plants.
McCOY & KINMORE
LOWELL
BATTERIES
RepairedReplaced Recharged
DISTRIBUTORS
PREST-O-LITE BATTERIES SAVAGE TIRES
Dolls and Kewpies buy' early.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
IB
B timmmuMt HgaBMBBM 1- -"
LOOK FOR t
THE RED BALL
TRADE MARK
excellent values for the money. I ; brought lasting results to thousands,
wish to make this explanation so that Here is Bisbee evidence of their
no one will think they are befhg merit. I
handed shoddy or inferior goods, as j Mrs. John Gohrig, Brewery Gulch,
we are euaranteea Dy tne omcer in says: a k-w jear3 ago i naa a con-
charge that the blankets were in ex
cellent shape."
Foodstuffs.
2,000 apples, evaporated, 50 and 25
pound boxes, .12S8 cents per pound.
3,t)00 peaches, evaporated, 50 and
25-pound boxes, 13 cents per pound.
3,000 prunes, 50 and 25-pound boxes,
11 cents per pound.
6,000 beans, dry issue, 100-pound
sacks, .649 cents per pound.
10,000 cans baked beans, 3 pounds,
24 to case, 9 cents per can.
1,200 cans beef, corned, 2 pounds,
24 to case, 45 cents per can.
19,200 cans (approximately) corn,
sweet. No. 2, 24 to case, 9 cents per
can.
32 cases matches, safety boxes,
6 2-3 cents per box.
19,200 cases green peas, No. 2, 9
cents per can.
40 cases toilet soap. Sweetheart, 4
cents per cake.
100 cases soap. Issue, 6 cents per
cake.
19,200 cans tomatoes, No. 2, 9 cents
per can.
stant, nagging pain across the small
of my back. My kidneys were weak.
As Doan's KiJney Pills were always
so highly recommended, I decided to
try them. Dor.n's soon cured me and
I haven't had any kidney trouble
since."
Price 60c, at all dealers. Don't
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
Doan's Kidney Pills the same that
Mrs. Gohrig had. Foster-Milburn
Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. Adv.
fireartns 6 Ammunition I
ShootniTv$iti
ii
'America's Leading High Class
Car
Oldsmobile
The car of moderate price and
Ultra Beauty with Endurance
and Performance Galore.
Slag Dump Garage
THE EPISCOPAL
LADIES WILL
hold -a sale of Fancy
Work and Home-Cooked
Foods at the Moose Home
on Main Street, Saturday,
December 6th, from
9 a. m. till 6 p. m.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
SOLOMON NAMAN, Prop.
We Repair Your Shoes While
You WaK.
Best equipped Shoe Repairing
Shop in the Warren District.
ALLEN BLOCK : BISBEE
ham
MIIIUMI 1111,111 IIMI TPi! W,imE.t,WMVTMVtrtlUKWt3S
Garage ' !
Repairing of Motors
EXPERTS ON IGNITION, MAGNETOS AND GENERATORS
SECOND HAND CARS FOR SALE
0. K. Street, Bisbee
-4
PROTECT YOURSELF
AND FAMILY
Cany a Brotherhood of Amer
ican Yeomen whole life policy,
pays old age, total disability
and accident. After investigat
ing you will say it is one of the
best policies written. See Mrs.
Elizabeth Groom. Yeomen State
Deputy, over Mrs. Finlay son's
Store, Johnson Adc, or phone
local correspoident. Red 384.
FRUIT ESCAPES ANY
.... DAMAGE FIlOM FROST
MESA, Dec. 2. In spile of the fact
that last - night's frosts were heavy
and the bite of weather was as se
vere .as the valle yhas seen in years,
orange, grapefruit and other citrus
fruits of the. valley did pot suffer.
Trees were not endangered by the
cold snap.
Crops on this side of the valley
were practically picked before the
cold weather came, according to the
statement this morning of Paul Fax
ter Bcville, heavy grower. Kren if
they had not been picked, he states,
the fruit was far enough advanced
to withstand the cold. What re
mained on the trees, he slates, was
not in the least injured.
Automobile to Hire
Applications Will
Be Heard Monday
The Ari.onu corporation com mis- i
slon has set Monday next, D,c. S. at;
9 a. in., in the lily hall of Iiin!ci. ; s
the time and place for nearin ap
plications for .'erUt'icates of conveni-'
ence and necessity to operate moic.r
vehicles for hire, of tho following
applicants: Einar Nystrom. HHboc,
Ariz.; Bisbee TrnTcr, Storm?" hih)
Coal Co.; Jesus Codine;:. Pishee; If
T. FriUiT, Jl.. Ili.-.liee; John t'r'ro
giain. Bisbee; Mrs. Beatrice I'jwcr".
Lowell; Underwood & I l'.u-lv. ood,
Loweil: S. F. i'liky, ';:ni; Koijl.
Alvin Vi'.!.:ap. Bihbec; Leu WiiiUrs.
Bibln'c; T. J. S'oape. Kislx-r: Jatn-s
Cook. Bibber; I "oldies ir Drrckcs.
Bibev ; A. C. Col?. Lo'-tll; Geo: go'
EH mi,. Bisebe.
B
E
utsmess
iiterprise
The start and development of busi
ness enterprise requires a banking con
nection of Safety and Good Service.
A bank that can be depended upon
for these essentials is this Bank, which
cordially invites your business.
g2 F. J. KEOGH CO. im
LOWELL
PHONE 264
AUTOMOBILE PAINTING, UPHOLSTERING
SEAT COVERS, TOPS RECOVERED, OVERHAULING
ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL REPAIRING
GOODYEAR TIRES
TUBES AND ACCESSORIES
Cars Washed and Polished.
K.W?t a lin n, in
r - "WW wi r -- -v n rwi ft r r ". W T T" !- r Tk T f II T" I " I O
HLKtULLo ur i jriiv ovu i nr.ri wilt illuo
Candy For Everybody
We are now ready to announce to the public that we
can supply it with the best BOX CANDIES
We have just received one of the largest shipments of
BOX CANDIES
that lias ever been received in the district in one single
shipment. Complete line of the following
Popular Candies:
WHITMAN'S C. C. BROWN .
CJROMB1E
CORCORAN'S WATKIN'S
A large and complete stock of excellent brands of
Cigars in Xmas packages of twenty-five or more.
Cigarettes in Xmas packages to any number
Our line of Pipes, Cigar and Cigarette Holders cannot
be excelled. We invite your inspection. Try a box 'of
THE POPULAR CANDY
Bisbee Smoke House
People on Salary: Your Attention!
IS AT PRESENT DIRECTED TOWARD AN HONEST MEDIUM FOR IN
VESTMENT IN AN OIL SPECULATION THAT WILL RETURN
AT LEAST 100 PER CENT ON THE DOLLAR
AMERICAN OIL &" REFINING COMPANY
ASK YOU TO CONSIDER Their ATTRACTIVE OFFERING ON $1 Par STOCK
2,000-barrel well, Block 74, Burkburnett Pool
Desdemona Acreage, 300 yards from Mitchell, 5,000-barrel well
Block 818, Burkburnett, few feet from production ; sure shot
Homer acreages, value incalculable, close to BIG wells
Fifteen ether acreages,, where oil charces are first-class
AVE CAN PROVE THESE ASSERTIONS
Compare our property, production and possibilities with those of any other Com
pany now offering stock AT ANY x'RICE. You will conclude, then, that our
offering has every right to promise
DIVIDENDS FROM THE BEGINNING
Capitali
zation, On.
Million
Dollars
Shares
Par
Value
One
Dollar '
Miir St.
J. C. WHITE. Prop.
P. O. Bo-c 1 27
Phone 11
ORDER DIRECT FROM
HATFIELD & BRADFORD .
LICENSED BROKERS
v.7TJgla, Arizona Bisbee, Arizona
Nogslcs, Arizona Tombstone, Arizona
EL PASO, TEXAS
iif.V.ni.nf m
"ORDER FROM YOUR HOME BROKER"
ran
1 WEDNESDAY, DECEMBERS, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
on
ore
posevelt s
When Yon Eat
Letters t
HisChildreti
If you are provided with an ELECTRIC STOVE TURN
OVER TOASTER and PERCOLATOR, the help problem
is no worry.
9 -
Edited by
VJ Joseph Bucklin Difliop
Af Lortf-DUtanc
Runner
You eat whenever you are ready you do not
wait to be served you are independent ot the
kitchen and the failure of incompetent servants.
5?
... 4
o aia.y him imam mmm m, 1 1 h
JLllfcJUU
EI a
i
s
. Installment Eight
The Roosevelt., boys., grew., up true
chips of the old block. They were en
couraged by their father in every man
ly sport. If ever a father and sons
were pals, it was true of the Roose
velt's. Imagine the pride of Ted, now
himself a national figure, embarking
on his first real hunting trip and car
rying his father's rifle. Ed.
4
A''?' ' " A
To Ted on a Hunting i rip
Oyster Bny, August .25, 1903
DEAR TED:
We have thought of you a pood deal
of course. I am glad you have mi
rifle with you you scamp, dos it
still have "those associations" which
you alleged as the reason why you
would value it so much when in the
use it? I do not have very much hope
near future I became unable longer
to use it? I do not have very much
hope of your getting a great deal of
sport on the trip, and anything you do
get in the way of furred or feathered
atne and fishing I shall count as so
much extra thrown in; lu. I feel ihe
trip will teach you a lot in the way of
handling yourself in a wi'd crvntry, as
well as of managing horses and camp
outfits of dealing with frontiersmen,
etc. It will, therefore, fit you to go their championship. Nick won a Ion
ori a regular camping trip next time, deuce set from Archie, and to my sur-
i .fD n Prise Oliver and Ethel beat Kermit
mother to ride Wyoming, on the ! and Philip in two straight sets. I of
ground that I would not have herficiated as umPire and furnished the
make a martyr of herself in the shape Prizes' which were Penknives
, r
ss v. v- ::
'"s's
lv4
y yA
I
Si-
A
"4 f 1
',. "OZy
: .... 1 . r . , viv 7 f !
,,,'.,-j.-t -ir.
Mistakes Hen Make
la Buying Tires
Perhaps the greatest mistake
is trusting to luck. For who
can tell when he looks at a tire
whether it will run 10,000 miles
or fail at 1,000?
Take the safe course as
proved by thousands of others
-come here for the Miller that
is built by uniform workmen to
a championship standard. They
are the only tires Geared -to-the-Road.
If you will try Mil
lers once they will win you
forever.
LOWELL AUTO CO.
Lowell, Ariz. Phone 34
When You Iron
Whether it is a shirtwaist to Be pressed
or a day's washing to be ironed, an Elec
tric Iron eliminates three-fourths of the
work and shortens the time surprisingly
When You Sew
The Sew-Motor relieves you of the Hardest part of the sewing job that
constant push push of the treadle.
When You Sivee
The Electric Suction Sweeper pushed quietly
cleaner than the hardest beating.
over the carpet makes it
When Yon Wash
"It is a great comfort to me to read the life and letters of Abraham
Lincoln,V wrote President Roosevelt to Kermit during the days of fighting
strain.
with camphor halls inside,
blessed fellow!
Cood-bye,
of riding a horse with, a single-foot ;
gait, which she so openly detests.
Accordingly, I have had some long and
delightful rides with her, she on Yag
enka and I on Blestein, while Ethel
and Kermit have begun to ride Wy
oming. Kermit ' was with us this
morning and got along beautifully till
we galloped, whereupon Wyoming
made up his mind that it was a race,
and Kermit, for a moment or two
found him a handful.
On Sunday, after we came back
from church and bathed, I rowed
mother out to the end of Lloyds Neck,
near your favorite camping ground.
End of Summer at Oyster Bay
Oyster Bay, September 23, 1903.
BLESSED KERMIT:
The house' seems very empty with
out you and Ted, although I cannot
conscientiously say that it is quiet
Archie and Quetin attend to that.
Archie, barefooted, bareheaded, and
with his . usual faded blue overalls,
much torn and patched, has just re
turned from a morning with his be
loved Kick. Quentin has passed the
morning in sports and pastimes with
the long suffering secret service men.
Allan has been associating closely
(To
There we took lunch and spent a cou-1 with mother and me. Yesterday
pie of hours with our books,' reading Ethel went off riding with Lorraine,
a little and looking out over the beau-'. She rode Wyoming, who is really
tiful Sound and at the headlands and I turning out a very good family horse,
white beaches of the coast. We rowed j This evening I expect Grant La Farge
back through a stronge, shimmering and Owen Wister, who are coming to
sunset. ! spend the night. Mother is as gusy as
I have played a little tennis since I possible putting up the house, and
you left. Winty Chandler beat me , Ethel and I insist that she now eyes
two sets, hut I beat him one. Alex;vs Loth with a purely professional
Russell beat me a long deuce set, 10 ' c---. r.iid secretly wishes she could
to 8. Today the smaller children held wrap us up in a .neatly pinned sheet
n 7 a'( 'v;1 p tmk i W
c a package
before the war
c a package
during the war
c a -package
NOW
THE - FLAVOR LASTS
SO DOES THE PRICE!
IS
r
Valuable Kind of Rabbits
His Sister, Mrs. W. S. Cowles)
White House, October 2, 1903.
Tell Sheffield that Quentin is now
going to the public school. As yet he
has preserved an attitude of dignified
reserve concerning his feelings on the
subject. He has just been presented
with two white rabbits, which he
brought in while we were at lunch yesterday.-explaining
that they were "the
valuables kind with pink eyes."
A Preaching Letter
White House, October 2, 1903.
DEAR KERMIT:
I was very glad to get your letter.
Am glad you are playing football. I
should be very sorry to see either you
or Ted devoting most of your atten
tion to athletics, and I haven't got any
special ambition to se eyou shine over
much in athletics at college, at least
(il you go there), because I think it
tends to take up too much time; but
I do like to feel that you are manly
and abe lto hold your own in rough,
hardy sports. I would rather have a
boy of mine stand high in his studies
than high in athletics, but I would a
great ra'.her have him show true man
liness of character than show either
intellectual or physical prowess; and
I believe you and Ted both bid fair
to develop just such character.
There! You will think this adread
fully preaching letter! . Isuppose I
have a natural tendency to preach
ijust at present because I am over
whelmed with my work. I enjoy be
ing president, and I like to do the
work and have my hand on the lever.
But it is very worrying and puzzling
and I have to make up .uy mind to
accept every kind of attack and mis
representation. It is a great comfort
to me to read the life and letters of
Abraham Lincodn. I am more and
more impressed every day, not only
with the man's wonderful power and
sagacity, but with his literally endless
pationce, and at the s:tme time his un
flinching resolution.
(To Be Continued)
Perfumery for Christmas Palmers,
Poser Galet's Djer Kiss. Viva-dous,
Mary Garden, and Day Dream.' Cor
bination sets also. Ixnvell Drue Co.
Advt.
Oerns 'Tureen Tass
Usa Ess "MzA?'
1K7
Any Corn or Callus Comes Off Peace
fully, Gloriously. Haver Tails.
It is easv for "Geta-It" to reach
"hard-to-get-at" corns, ana better
yet. it is easy to remove them, be
cause MGets-It" niiiksa them come
1 1
1 r
Anjr Cora Pee? Of
w;:t "Ceu-ttr
nnt off jURt like a. ban.-ina pool.
Yon ran try to : or dratr out vour
corns wiih a Uni;'o, or slice thorn
wiili a luooily" ra;-or. or use b.in
c'apos end tape and wr?p up your
too into a packce, but that's' tho
lrp.t-llii-rout:.l, painful, fonlieh.
way. V;-f. 2 or 3 nrr 0f "Ofs-It"
that'o tho peaceful, sure, common
sense way that never fails. You
re.ch tho corn easily with the little
Rlass rod in tho cork of every
"OtP-Tt" r--tt?e. Tt does not hurt
the tru llerh. Try it. trot and
en-iilo! It's a t.!e3siiip; never falli.
"Oets-! the onl ,- rj-o, a - a . ,i ;it--A.
r.iotiey-back (orn-r-mover, l-r.
a t'-ilk at anv 'f n;- 't"r-. ' Ai'iM L,
K. i .aw !.-: "& Co.. ChULi-j, III.
Sold in Bisbeo and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by
Phelps Dodge Mercantile company and
Central Pharmacy. Adv.
The Electric Wash Machine not only solves
the clean clothes problem, but the new
clothes buying as well.
All Electric Appliances Sold By
BISBEE IMPROVEMENT
CO.
yjw it V7 s.'SF w f?y Ky
fcrai ri i 51 fii fi itk rri ivti tm t
2-. 2L : Jttl XL
n f5ii titi rr-i
An
mterestmg
VfT-f'iW WW nKm P- Jl m im hum mn
M m M ck) M M M M m
DRAUGHT MM 1
Record
-'f briW-- Si ' i W yJ 1
A Letter From the Mother of the Family
Winchester, Tenn., September 17, 1919.
I am the mother of seven boys and seven girls; all about- grown. We, I suppose,
are one of the healthiest families in .the Sbuth. V Weare a large family; you will
see very few families, mother and father, with fourteen grown children, who can say
that their health is better than ours, and we have used for our family medicine
THEDFORD'S BLACK-DRAUGHT, and very little of anything else.
BLACK-DRAUGHT is the best liver tonic I have ever seen. We have used it
for headache, torpid liver and constipation, and it is just as recommended.
MRS. PEGGIE ROSE.
3
8
Insist on Thedford's Black-Draught
Powdered Liver Medicine. The Original and Genuine.
1
L. A. V
PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1919
SMALL BUT ANNOYING
By Morris
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, Genera! Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
By F. F. M.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month $...80
Six months 4.50
Twelve Months , , 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The BIsbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
'The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.'
Thomas Carlyle.
THE 1920 NOMINATIONS
SELDOM in the history of the two great political parties of the
nation has pre-con vent ion interest on the part of the public
been so keen, or opinion so divided, as it is at present. Seldom
has theie been such a wealth of presidential timber afloat, and
seldom has there been greater need for coolness, sagacity and
staunchnss of heart on the part of the man whom the American
people will put at the head of their national affairs in the 1920
elections.
These facts have aroused political interest almost to fever heat
months before the Democrats or the Republicans are scheduled to
meet in national convention to select their respective candidates.
Each party ha3 much excellent material to choose from. The interest
in the conventions equals the interest in the actual presidential race
after the nominations are made.
In addition to the Democrats, Republicans and other established
parties, there is talk of a national labor candidate in the presidential
race next year, and to further complicates the issue, comes now the.
"Americans Party," with Governor Calvin Coolidge of Massachusetts
for president and Mayor Ole Hanson of Seattle for vice president
both men standing on their record of opposition to "red" rule. In
the advent of this last party, by the way, lies a- suggestion of a pos-
sible dissipation of those best forces of Americanism which are
fighting the foe within the gate. Radicalism will no doubt be an
issue of the 1920 campaign, and both dominant political parties, it
would seem, may be trusted to throw their entire weight against
the evil. Introduction of a third party exclusively-on a platform' of
anti-radicalism, might mean a division of voting strength which
would bring joy to the heart of the I. W. W. and the Bolshevik.
With "weighty national problems pressing as never before, and
with the political situation thus complicated by multiplicity of both
issuoa and candidates, the average American citizen is already keenly
alert to the grave responsibility resting upon all political parties in
the selection of their 1920 standard-bearers. The REVIEW is anx
ious to know what the citizens of the Warren District think of the
situation; and with today's issue begins the taking of a straw vote
to learn who are the local presidential favorites. The canvassing or
the district will last ten days, or possibly longer, according to the
votes received. All readers are requested to fill in the coupon
printed on Page One of this issue, so an accurate and complete
census of the political sentiment of the district may be arrived at.
ANOTHER PLAGUE SPOT GONE,
THE military authorities at Fort Huachuca have notified the
county board of supervisors that an order has been issued
forbidding all soldiers from the fort to visit the "White City,''
as the notorious resort center near Fort Huachuca is called.
Thus passes a plague spot which "has long outlived its time in Cochise
county. It has been ever a center of riots, of assaults and murders,
of drunken brawls. Its existence has for long been out of keeping
with the spirit of modern Arizona. Frequent attempts have been
made to close the place up, but its inmates always drifted back after
a time, and it became the scene of a series of idle and apparently
puiposeless raids of drivings out after each new outrage on law
and order, and of drillings back alter the ardor of the law cooled.
Now the military authorities hive decided to allow the "White City"
to die a natural death by keeping away from it the soldiers, who
have been almost its entire means of support. One cannot but feel
a natural wonder that this soci .l. avatism was not effectually sup
pressed a long time ago.
ACTION ON THE TREATY
fT has been remarked by everybody who followed the fate of the
peace treaty in the senate at the close of the last session that,
while ratification was voted down, more than two-thirds of the
senators were really favorable to the treaty and the league of
nations, says the Phoenix Gazette. That is to say, they favored the
main purpose and scope o fthe treaty. They differed about details,
and they would willingly, even gladly, have oted- for ratification ir
those details had been arranged according to their views.
There is ample evidence that the public feels the same way
about it.
This nation, like every other nation, i.s clamoring for a cleanup
of the war artd a definite, official establishment of peace.
Ratification may not bring immediately the blessings expected
of it, but it will mean a beginning of the new order and a chance fo:
government, industry, commerce and finance everywhere to set
about their tasks intelligently and get on their feet. It will mean
the discouragement of radicalism and the strengthening of the forces
of law and order. The world will know "where it is at," as it has
not known Tor many years.
There is a widespread feeling that the quarreling factions in
Washington might have- got .together in the last, session, and there
is resenfmem at their failure. It does no good now to dig into the
past, and quarrel about the responsibility for that failure. What tne
public wants is action. It wants the peace treaty disposed of as
promptly as possible, and it will have no patience with statesmen
of either party who, by obstructive tactics or bone-headed stubborn
ness, interpose any further delay.
RECENT MIRACLES
THE day of miracles is past," said a young woman when asked
to do something particularly difficult.
Is it?
Tell us of a miracle greater than taking up a telephone
receiver and talking to a friend many miles distant, without the need
of wires or other material substance.
Mention a mirar.1". greater than taking a several ton machine
and flying it miles above the farth in defiance of the law of gravity.
Is taking mere word.; and building beautiful piece of literature
short of a miracle?
And. what, about the gas engine that lakes our automobile wher
ever we want to go it is marvelous if it isn't miraculous.
No, "the day of miracles" isn't past. They are being pcrtormed
daily.
I'lilish liberals fear ihat.lhe world will lie thrown back into I lie
whirlpool of competitive armament. We hadn't noticed any change in
competitive building of battleships.
We have learned one thing at least. We have learned that it isn't
ii gooU litea lo let III loreigncrs uniti we lime iu'viwu it w,t mi
fidiiL.toiiu theui mto Aim it' au.
THE LAST DAY
(Many people, relying upon so-called prophecies, are looking for the end
of the world within the next 12 months. Editor's note.)
When will the world be ended.
When will the finish come?
When will all breath be stifled,
And every voice be dumb?
When will the sun be darkened,
And stars forget their course,
And everything in nature
Defy its moving force?
When will the trump be sounded
While earth and ocean roar.
And waves in thund'ring wildness
Beat loud on every shore?
When will the earth be ended,
And Mankind be no more?
When C. M. Roberts cops the votes
And is the Gov-er-nor!
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago In Bisbee
SMILE WITH US
(From the Bisbee Daily Review of Wednesday, December 3, 1902.)
Mr. Beck has resigned his position
in the Copper Queen store to accept a
position in the general office.
Caretto J. S. ' Parmerlee and Charles
Thomas, who was accompanied by one j
of his cub bears. ( t
Bob Campbell, who had the .misfor- J
tune to fall down a manway at the
Spray sometime ago is on tne street
again and will be ready to go to work
soon.
A telegram received in Bisbee from
El Paso, stated that the condition of
V. R. Stiles, who had suffered a re
lapse of typhoid fever, was -extremely
serious. His temperature yesterday
was 104.
The quarterly examination of school
teachers is being held at Tombstone
under the supervision of Judge Good
body, county superintendent. Quite a
number of teachers are present.
There are more lawyers present at
the present court sessions than ever
before in the history of Tombstone.
Over thirty were present yesterday.
AMONG CHRISTIANS
In the confustion of the advance the
; chaplain was separated from his out
I fit. Night found him in No Man's
! Land without this bearings and aim
J lessly seeking his own lines. He
J stumbled into a broken trench and
flopped when voices reached him.
Friends or enemies? Had he blund
ered into the Hun lines?.
Uttering a prayer, he made ready
to do or die, when a sharp vtiice cut
the deathlike silence:
"Who in hell led that last ace?"
"Thank God, I'm among Chris-
tians," the padre murmured as he
reached for his plug of Granger
Twist. Red Diamond.
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Dec. 2 Out of bed early this day, to catch a stage for Tombstone, where
I had much business. I enjoyed the trip more than is the usual custom of
men in going from one place to another, for I had a sentimental liking for
the town, and its environment, and the things that it has meant in other
days, and so 1 did not mind the roads or the conversation of my fellow
passengers. Did find all my expectations exceeded when I arrived there,
end my success greater than I had pnticipated, so back to Bisbee with a
light, heart and many note, from which I hope to weave a good story'.
Some difficulty in my house today, with my wife complaining about my
thought about her millinery bill, ahd she thinking all the time to get a coat,
but I told her that I did not give a darn, or something like that, so she
mollified, but suspicious. And then I played r.n old trick on her. and told
her I was ill again, whereupon the became all tenderness and mixed me a
lot of medicine, which I had a hard time pouring down the sink while she
was not watching, but finally did it cleverly, so that I came back to town
whistling with all my confidence in the superiority of men restoied. But
I fear for the morrow, especially as my cold is not as good as it should be.
Much pleased this day to sec men working on Main street, so that the pav
ing may be laid soon, although it will take away a lot of pleasure from
those who stand around the postofiice when the mud is deep or the wind
blowing. To an ice cream parlor, where I did get a mighty argument about
whether there is more than tne Deity, and thought the refreshment was
rot conducive to the fine points of theology, we had a loud wrangling about
the subject, and much pounding the table, and so parted, all in good humor,
i as each of us thought we had won the -debate, but when I looked at my
I purse I could not but think that the proprietor of the store was an easy
fiist. To the office late, after a trip to Lowell, where I wrote little but my
diary, and so home, debating within my own mind whether it is better to
be married and have warm breakfasts in the morning or single and have
money in the bank.
WE'LL SAY SO
A consumer is a skinny, harassed wretch entirely surrounded by
; profiteers.
LIES OF THE DAY
Jerry Sullivan is in the city from
Cananea.
There being no quorum at the coun
cil meeting last night, the mayor call
ed the next meeting for Friday even
ing at 7 o'clock.
Final arrangements were made last
night for the banquet Wedensday
evening in honor of the officials of
the El Paso and Soutnwestern road.
Over 100 persons will be in attend
ance, and the menu will represent the
very perfection of the caterer's art.
Among the Bisbee citizens attend
ing court sessions: City Marshall
Henderson, James Hunt, B. F. Gra
ham, William Edwards, H. Phelps, S.
Medigovich, Chris Roderick, John
Wiley Fitzgerald, who has seen ser
vice as a government packer in the
Philippines, is in Bisbee this week vis
iting friends.
NEVER SATISFIED.
Cholly Your daughter Is all the
world to me.
Gotrox Take her, with my bless
ing. Cholly (to himself) Gee whiz! I
got that so easy I wish I had asked
for more. Detroit News.
It is learned from a reliable source
that capitalist sare endeavoring to se
cure a bond on the Eastern Sunday
and adjoining property. The sum of
fered is $275,000; $75,000 to be . paid
on completion of the contemplated
deal.
EXTREMES MEET
She The coal's all out.
He And I'm aU in. Boston Transcript.
Bisbee is not glad to see some scrapers and a number of workmen on
Main street.
The government is pertectly certain in its treatment of the Mexican
situation.
Or of any other situation.
The production of coal and the shipments of sugar are again entirely
normal. . .
There will be no upsetting of political dope whon Cochise county is re
districted. The new census will undoubtedly put Douglas on the map.
THE OLDEN STORY
Whene'er the devil sees a man
A-sitting 'round the house,
As quiet and peaceful as can be.
And harmless as-a mouse.
He always does his evil work
By whispering just for fun.
And asking him to tell his wife
Just how things should be run.
Daily Thought For Married Men
A stand-in with the coiner grocer is worth two with the millinery store.
Mr. Connor has opened up a new
tailoring establishment in the building
formerly occupied as a restaurant
across the street from the postoffice.
urn
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
A soldier from the iront applied to
a hotel for a job as cook.
"What can you cook?" asked the
hotel manager.
"Anything," replied the doughboy.
'Well, how do you make hash?"
"Yon don't make it sir; It accumu
lates." i Ladies Home Journal.
I lour of the five kinds of food neces
' sary for a perfect diet.
A cup ol hot milk is a wonderful
' stimulant. It will do more toward re
lieving fatigue than any oiher well
i known "stimulant" ever thought of
doing.
Then there's the milk of human
kindness also of great value. It
fchould flow freely.
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by . Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
NEGLECTING THE TEETH IS
DANGEROUS.
An investigation made by the I'. S.
Public Health Service in connection
with its studies of rural school chil
dren showed thai 49.3 per cent had
defective teeth, 21.1 per cent had
two or more missing teeth, and only
16.9 per cent had dental attenon.
Over 14 per cent never used a
toothbrush. 5S.2 per cent used one
occasionally and only 27.4 per cent
used one daily.
Defective teeth reduce physical
efficiency.
Dirty, suppurating, snuggle-toothed
mouths are responsible for many
'uses of heart disease, rheumatism,
and other chronic affections.
The children are not responsible
for the neglected slate of their teeth.
The ignorant and careless parent
b to Maine for this condition a, con
dition which hampers mental : and
physical gtowth and puts a perma
nent handicap on our future citizens.
School tea li"i s can and are doing
much iii inculcating the habits of
personal cleanliness into the rural
fathoul i laid but tliib will tail t the
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general interest
relating only to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
MENU FOR TODAY
BREAKFAST Steweu prunes, ce
real with milk, nut rolls, coffee.
LUNCHEON Creamed dried beef
oa toast, brother Jonathan, tea.
DINNER Baked ham in caramel
sauce, baked sweet potatoes, spinach,
pickles, bread and butter, graham pud
ding, coffee.
highest accomplishment unless par
ent '. i o-cpeiate heartily and continu
ously. This is a-duty which we owe
cur children.
Q. What is "lniral stenosis?"
A. Mitral stenosis is an obstruction
to the flow of blood through the mi
tral valve of the heart and is one of
the common forms of valvular heart
disease.
Q. Should a man, :!;!, who has had
neurasthenia for nany years, but who
is otherwise normal, marry.? Accord
ing to statistics what effect would
such it marriage have on the off-
TODAY'S RECIPE
vi cup milk,
1 yeast cake dissolved in
'i cup lukewarm water,
o tablespoons sugar,
! 1 teaspoons sugar,
2 tablespoons melted butter,
j 1 egg,
I V-i cup maple or corn syrup,
! Vi cup chopped nuts.
Flour.
Scald milk. W hen hike warm add
j dissolved yeast cake and 11-3 cups
I flour. Beat well. cov r. put. in a warm
! place and let rise. When light add
.sugar, salt, egg, well beaten, butter
and enough flour to knead. Knead and
let rise again. When light rail into a
istrip one-fourth inch thick.
CITIZENSHIP SCHOOLS
HOLD WOMEN'S INTEREST
With the recent consolidation of
four states in a general scheme of
citizenship schools, something may be
understood of the magnitude of the
new interest in civics which has
arisen among women.
Mrs. Nancy M. Schoonmaker of
Hartford. Conn., citizenship director
for the Connecticut Woman Suffrage
association, has just completed a plan
to join the women of Connecticut.
Rhode Island. Vermont and New
Ilamiishire under a common curricu
lum for the study of civtcs. Mrs.
Schoonmaker, who is ah expert in her
line and has recently published a text
book, "The Actual Government of Con
necticut," which has been accepted in
many high schools of her state, will
be the conductor of the four-state
plan. She will manage it more or
less like "institutes" holding sessions
in various cities and towns. Accord
ing to the present plan, she will spend
six months in Connecticut and two in
each of the other two ststes.
Her Dad's Stenog.
ill "'1'
USE MORE MILK
; The U. S. food administration urged
us to use more milk during the war.
j But, milk is high and perhaps we've
' got out of the habit of using as much
'as we use to. forgetting the great
food value. This "perfect food" is
ruh in tune, porteiu. lat and i.iivai;
ARMY HOSPITALS, '
NEED WOMEN AIDS j
Anuy hospitals urr still calling fori
'more young women trained in occupa
tional theiapy. to act as reconstruction
j aids. So great is the need that the
request has been made to chiefs of
educational i-civicc of army ho..rjitaU-
WASHINGTON Miss Virginia
Sutherland, daughter of Senator How
ard Sutherland of West Virginia, likes
"stonoglnu' 'rather than the social
game. She is her dad's assistant secretary.
that they make this fact public, and
at the same time ask their staffs to
suggest to qualified women among
their acquaintance to make applica
tion. Those most needed are aids
qualified to teach crafts and to give
training in commercial and academic
subjects.
The office of the surgeon general,
and all army hospitals, will furnish
application blanks for this service.
Perfumery lor Christinas Palmers,
Roger C.alct's Djer Kiss. Yivadous,
Mary Garden, and Day Dream. Com
bination sets also. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt. V:
' 4
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE
JN THE
CQi a n
LOCAL
REALM
OF SPORT-
WORLD
i
3
. . 7
; '. k
: i
3
A
3
5
.i
. 1
4 V
FINANCES ALL
' THAT HOLDS UP
HOB FIGHTS
Financial- problems are ell that
stand in the way of holding finish
boxing matches in Naco, Sonora, ac
cording to O. S. French,, the local
promoter, who returned yesterday
from a visit across the border. Mr.
French states that he found tho
Naco authorities willing that such
matches be held, and that re found
the spacious yard of the old cuartel
an ideal spot for an arena.
In this spot, say Mr. French, seats
for 5000 fans could be easily erected
at a small cost, the walls ot the cuar
tel yard forming an arena.
The difficulty is in securing boxers
who would be willing to go any dis
tance to a finish without demanding
a prohibitive figure for their services.
It is difficult to find good boxers
who will go the indeterminate route
for less than from $2000 to $3000,
says French, and it is doubtful if a
suffiicent . crowd of southwestern
fans could be secured to break even
at these figures. The most hopeful
outlook for the locaj promoters, who
are still laying their plans, is' - to
match boxers of national or world
wide reputation, so that fans would
be brought from all parts of tie
country to see. the mill.
Ingalls Arrives On
Tour of Inspection
On a tour of inspection of the mili
tary cadets in the various high
schools of the slate. State Adjutant
W. S. Ingalls arri'ed in Bisbee last
evening, and will remain over until
this afternoon. He will inspect the
cadets at the local high school this
morning.
From here Captain Ingalls will go
to Douglas, and thence to Globe,
making an inspection at Safford also
en route. He has already inspected
a number of schools in the state.
This is his first trip of inspection
since his appointment as state ad
jutant. While in Bisbee Captain 'Ingalls
will look up a number of his old
comrades in aims of the 158th infan
try, "Arizona's Own," with whom he
served at the front.
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERT0N
BROKERS
ALL CURB 8TOC
North Tigre Leasing Go.
25 CENT3 PER SHARE
JACK BLOC. MAIN STREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
anchers
Attention!
I t'
1 li
Stock Feeders
We have around 2,000 head of good, gentle Mexican
steers, suitable for feeding, from three years old up,
which we wish to put out for feed in such lots as can be
handled to advantage, and are willing to pay the follow
ing prices for weight gained:
1 1 cents per pound for weight gained first 60 days
1 2 cents per pound for weight gained first 70 days
1 3 cents per pound for weight gained first 80 days
I 4 cents per pound for weight gained first 90 days
I 5 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 00 days
1 6 cents per pound for weight gained first U 0 days
1 7 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 20 days
Delivery will be made at Naco or Douglas, Arizona. Cor
respondence solicited from responsible parties on whom
our representative will call to look over the feed offered,
and complete all arrangements.
Address E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Arizona.
CAHPENTO A! BECKETT REAL
4-
ecu
BY FRED TURBYVILLE
who meet in the London ring Decem
ber 4 for the' European heavyweight
title and the opportunity of meeting
Jack Dempsey for the world title, are
not youngsters in the game. They are
veterans of many years in the squared
circle a dozen years each to be ex
act. And these European heavies are
but boys. Beckett is 24 and Carpen
tier 25. Joe BeckeU began fighting
when he was 12 years old and Carpen
tier when he was 13. They fought
their way up from boyhood and from
the featherweight class to the heavies.
And here they are in their prime 12
years since they made their sUirt.
Their ases are remarkable, Few ring,
men in America ever fought with such
vigor after so many years in the ring.
And they are mighty light for heav
ies. They are what we would call
light heavies, or "overgrown middle-
weights." Beckett weighs 184 and ,
Carpentier 173.
Beckett is five feet,
ten mcnes tan. uarpeniier, pernaps,
is slightly taller.
Carpentier is tne Dest known oi ine i
two because of his sensational career
BV riAZZ BERRY
ST. LOUIS HAS NO BASEBALL
PENNANTS, BUT IT HAS TWO-SEVENTY-FIVE
BELR. THE LAST
LAUGH IS NO DRY CACKLE, BE
LIEVE US, ARTHUR.
They shoud v ony v.h?thv.'i there is
sugar for the coffee or no.
It's etasy to start a battle royal.
Gang in a hash and coffee saloon
start fight because a customer spilled
the last three spoonfuls of sweetness.
Carpentier is pronounced without
the mechanics'- accent. Average fight
fan trying to give Carpentier the right
pronunciation resembles an Illinois
corn grower going through the agony
of ordering a meal . from , a French
menu without using his index finger.
Jimmy Bronson says it is prouounc-
and
J
rn; Asfm
' "
v
1
GEORGES CARPENTlcR
j
in the French ring prior to the war. j
beaten by Papke and Klaus
He also
He has spent almost five years in war
service ana so reaiiy is aoing a come-
back stunt. Carpentier has fought
several Americans Tank Klaus, nu
ly Tapke and Willie Lewis. with little
ed Carpentier and not Carpentier.
That is to say you say it like this
Car-pont'-i.a.
Those who persist in mixing him up
with the builder of American bunga
lows are too lazy to give their tongue
the extra quirk.
ANYHOW, THE FRENCHMAN
HANDY WITH HIS TOOLS.
IS
LEFT EARFUL
Yale frowns on anything jazzy;
they're still playing 1900 football.
RIGHT EARFUL
Tom and Jerry, the 19th hole
Yuletide are with us no longer.
of
Bowling Results
Twq lively matches were howled
on the Y. M. C. A. alleys Monday
eight. The Sac. Hill No. 1 y.ud P. D.
Store No. 2 teams locked horns in
j one match, and the Sac. Hi'l No
land E. P. & S. W. teams .a the othei.
j The store team was victor in the
jfoimer contest, due- principally to
i the superb bowling of its
captain,
Blair. In tho latter ;nat a the ra.il
! roadei-s defeated the steam nhovel
jers.. The scores were as follows:
Handicap 3
i 12:: Total
j Bliss 139 131 124 ;!94
j ' -Mieyr , 140 140 140 40
j Spence 127 !9 99 25
I 405 370 3631139
Total
j 'Absent. Average of
j scores less ten per cent,
i P. D. Store No. 2
! 1 2
! Blair - 192 185
VCii
previous
3 Total
199 576
j Wickham
Cranston
144 141 129 '414
121 146 161 42S
457 472 4S0
-1418
Sac. Hil! No. 2.
12 3 Total
Mintier
C'romliic
Wihv ..
15S lo7 i::!2 3971
142 ir.6 166 464.
161 138 142 441 1
461 401 41i 1302
E. P. & S. W.
1 2 3 Total
164 1(!I ' 97-4 'Oi
1SS 110 116 414'
!5 149 112 3".6i
Korkner
I'ichard
Gcidon
347 36S 30."-
-1120
277
H.indiiup
Jem ffrrf
f
RING VETERANS
.
Ti
success. He won from Lwis but was
lost to Joe Jeanette and won on a foul
from Gunboat Smith.
Beckett's experience with American
figh:ers is limited to the recent go
with Eddie McQoorty which he won
by a knockout in the 17th round.
Beckett has been climbing rapidly
to the front in the last few months.
After losing to Dick Smith and Frank
Goddard in 1918 he scarted this year
with victories over Hy Reeve and
Billy Wells. Then he polished off
Frank Goddard, who previously had
knocked him out with a sleep punch
in two rounds. j
There is considerable speculation j
as to who is the hardest hitters f tho j
two. Naturally the fans are impress- !
ed with Beckley's ' recent knockout '
victories. He has been finishing them !
up a la Dempsey. Carpentier has
I taken his time abou rounding into
I shanp Kinrp ho finish hia or
vice and those who have seen him say
he is right.
America will watch with sreat
interest the meeting of this pair for
it is very likely that the winner will
be matched with Jack Dempsey here.
ly to show to great advantage i
! I
matches are scheduled for tonight,',
the contenders all being strong I
teams. One match will be between
the C. Q. Supply -department and C.
& A. teams the other between the
C. Q. mine team and the strong
Pickups. Especial interest attaches
to the latter match, as the Pickups
are at present holding second place. ,
bnouid they win tonight they will be
strong contenders for the champion
ship. Should they lose they will be
in no stronger position than several
other teams
The cup match with Douglas, which
was postponed from last . Saturday
evening, will be held next Saturday,
December 6, weather permitting.
Why not have a Navajo rug? Don't
say, "too high" till you see our line.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Walking Under Difficulties
"Believe me, I suffered from stom
ach and bowel trouble right. This
weakened me so that I could scarcely
walk. I could do no work. This
was .my condition when I started
taking Mayr's Wonderful Remedy
on the, advice of a friend. Now I
am working every day and feel bet
ter than I ever- did in my life. It
is the only mediciae that ever
touched me." It is a simple, harm
less preparation that ' removes the
catarrhal mucus from the intestinal
tract and allays the , inflammation
which causes practically all stom
ach, liver and intestinal ailments,
including appendicitis. One dose
will convince or money refunded.
Sold by Lowell Drug Co., and drug
gists everywhere. Adv.
WHOLE FAMILIES
FREED FROM GOLDS
Half a century breaVJrtg
colds is behind Dr. King's
New Discovery
FRM
ROM-thf little tots to rrandmn.
.ery one in the family c:::i
use tins lifiy-ye:rs- lu'-sl.unl-
iird remedy in perfect safety utid
conrtdent of luMU'tici-il result-;.
Incessant -(iu:rliiii;x, "!::::,)-co:Me
grippe, stubborn cold promptly
lucked, the phlegm (l.ss;,1.:;id, the
congestion loosened.
Same high qimli'.v toiii.y sis iil
wnys. lr. King's Ne J!s.-ovei y
lives up to its I iuie-leslei reputa
tiou. UOc. und !fl.20 a bottle.
The Results of Conslipaiioa
are lrk headache, hiliousney.s,
iier()usiiess, siiiiow itUin, w:isi;
niattir lu the hody. '.Vrrcct Uiis
jiuiiorinininir evil with Ir. Kind's
TNow Life Pills. Keel good every
day. Keep the system cleuascU.
jc, a bottle.
MEYER SMILES
TO
IS
!S OF
WOODS
The stock of Johnny Meyer, the atternoon and at 7 o clock thi3 even
local welterweight, continued to soari ing. The lecture win be givan by
yesterday, as he went through a fast j Jack Itadcliife, forcrai-.n of the Sac
workout in the presence of a large ramento shr.fi. The aucr.dur.ee at
gathering of fans, in preparation for! these lcc'.uico Lr.r, fcc3ii steadily in
his coming bout with Happy Woods, : c. cr.t '.'.n.! classes of miners
the Tucson knockout boxer, in the ! -Irisbee
opera house on the evening! t
cf December 11. I
With the bout less than ten . days I
cti, Meyer is. beginning to warm up!
to his work, and the way he stepped
through his paces yesterday in his
workout with big Billy Johnson, the
Arkansas heavyweight, was a reve-1
lation even to his Bisbee admirers.
Local fans figure Meyer to outbox
and outspeed Woods, while keeping j
out of the way of the Tucson boy's
wicked sleep-producers, gaining a de-j
cision over the idol of the Oid Pueblo i
at the end of ten rounds. !
Meyer laughed yesterday at the
published suggestion from . Tucson
that he surround himself with a co
terie of husky miners to carry him
from the ring.
"Woods is a boilermaker," said
Meyer. "Boilermakers are continu
ally patching up, so I suggest he
bring along a gang of Tucson boiler
makers to patch him up between
rounds and after the fight."
Happy Woods will arrive from Tuc
son Monday, and will give the fans
three clays in which to see him in
action and judge how he shapes up
against Meyer. Meanwhile Meyer is
working cut daily with his big Arkan
sas sparring partner, while Bob Col
lins, who meets the Arkansan in a
re?.vy weight go. on the same boxing
card, is training daily with Walter
vJaidwell, the New Mexico middle
weight. Thia is the first 10-round main at
traction bout for Meyer, and a vic
tory 'over the hard-hitting Woods will
, at once entitle him to a
match wilu
j any welterweight m me souiuwesi.
i '
I Fine line of Fancy Box Candy, one
to five pound boxes. Lowell Drug o.
Fina line of Fancy Box Candy, one
'IV.
1"
, L. L. GILMAN tVr
. Jeweler J";f
"fZfpf Bisbee Lowell Douglas '
k v A A VA V'i V & St- fc t' '-irtyu 'Avi' - s:. 1 , 1
sDrif t Timbering"
to Be Subject of
Mine Course Lecture
"Drift Timbering and Repairs" will i
be the subject of the regular weekly J
lecture of the practical mining course
given by the Phelps-Dodge corpora- j
tion, which will be given in the Y. j
M. C. A. building at 1 o'clock this
cd to hear Mr. Kadcliffel
Kead the Daily Review Want Ads.
i ICS
Would you throw
a ten dollar bill
in tlie ditcfrt
Or may be a twenty or a fifty
or more. Of course not. If
you let your contract for your
house without getting our fig
ures you do that very thing.
Lumber,, Shingles, Lath, Wall
Board, Faiuts of all liinds, Roof
ing. All the very best made
the price the very lowest
possible.
iibsonHines
ASK THOSE WHO
TRADE WITH US
Phone 88
. W. F. SMITH, Mgr.
J
l and
i
i r
WATCHES! WATCHES!
Our stock of Watches is complete, and consists of the following
well-known makes:
HAMILTON HOWARD WALTHAM
GRUEN ELGIN
A large assortment of beautiful
WRIST WATCHES
Priced from $20 up to $250, with Platinum Diamond
Settings
PACKARD CHINA LIBBY'S CUT GLASS
Complete Line of Leather Goods
TEA SETS
Ranging in Price from $12.50 to $400
See our elegant IVORY SETS, $G.00 to $100
Mantle Clocks, $12.50 to $100
LARGE STOCK OF EDISON PHONOGRAPHS
Visit either of our three stores. They are completely
Stocked
OUR OPTICAL DEPARTMENTS
are under the supervijion of expert men in this profession.
our stores are equipped to grind your lensc?
If it's anything in the Jewelry line, then v.e have i
After you eat always take
FATON
13 crag YOUR UD-STCMACEp
Instantly relieves Hearibura, BIoN
ed Gassy Feeling. Stops food souring,
repeating, and all stomach miseries.
Aids diceation and apfsat'le. Keep atomacb
weet and strunK. iucreaaea Vitality and Pep.
EATONICii the best remedy. Tena cf thoo
aands wonderfully benefited. Only coats a cent
or two a day to use it. Pcsitivly guaranteed
to please or we will refund money, lit; a tit
to today. XeuwUiaea.
J. iM. BALL, Drugjist, '
Bisbee, Ariz.
IT'S UNWISE
to pat ol to-day's dcty until to
morrow. If jour etomach is
acid-disturbed tile
th.a r-ST" a! J to digsstion comfort
tadnym A pleasant relief frcas
tha tlkcomfcrt of acid-dyspepsia.
' JIACr CCOTT & EOV.Tj '
x.xris cf Ecccrs kmuls'.ct
HIGH
For Sale
Graded lot on Clawson Hill; a
bargain.
Lot 105x105, Arizona street, in
Warren; corner. A good buy.
Rooming House, 15 rooni3, com
pletely furnished, house full; $750
cash will handle this, bal. terms.
8 roorn3. Opera D.ive, complete
ly furnished, $975.00.
la-room house, completely fur
nished, house full; $753 cash, bal.
terms.
4-room house, Jiggcrville; cash
$250.00, bal. terms.
4-rcoru new, modem in every re
spect; furnished; lot 60x103. West
boulevard. Lovely home; , $1,800
cash, bal. terms. Party leaving the
city.
10 room house, good condition, 6
rooms furnished; new concrete
garage. A bargain. Johnson Addi
tion, $600.00 cash. bal. terms.
r
X
Lithor ot
IC
Total
Two exceptionally iutciestiug WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1919
PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2. Reflecting
the unusual and diverse events which
influenced its course, the session of
the stock exchange was dull with
many confusing and irregular changes
of prices.
Adoption by the governmetnt of
stringent regulations to prevt-nt a
coal famine, another Collapse In for
eign exchange, the sudden death of
H. C. Frick and the president's mes
sasrn to coneress augmented thf un
certainties which previously had ob -
scured the financial horizon.
As a market factor, the president's
communication took precedence. Dis
appointment was expresed in many
quarters at the absence of specific
reference to remedial railroad legisla
tion. This was partly offset by rec
ommendations for the protection of
various home, industries.
Latest aspects of the Mexican sit
uation, which were distinctly bene
ficial to the oil shares and the 6 per
cent call money rate, which held
throughout the session, were almost
the only developments which favored
trading and these lost some of their
force in the later dealings. The close
was steady to firm. Sales amounted
to 875,000 shares.
In the bond market, where dealings
in Liberty Issues were again large on
a declining tendency, the noteworthy
feature was the strength of local trac
tions. International bonds reflected
only moderately the further demoral
ized movement in exchange. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $28,750,
000. Old United States bonds were
unchanged on call.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW' YORK, Dec. 2. Cotton closed
firm at a net advance of 55 to 120
points.
MINERAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2. Lead steady;
spot, $6.656.75. Zinc steady; spot,
East St. Louis delivery, 8:i28.20.
Bar silver,
sented.
1.30. Copper unrepre-
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations December 2, 1919
NEW YORK STOCKS.
American Can , 50
America! Car Foundry 133
American Beet 131
American SmeUers 62
American Linseed 67
American Locomotive 92
Allis Chalmers 40
Baldwin Locomotive . 10694
Bethlehem Steel
B. & O.
Canadian Pacific ....
Caddo
Cerro
Central Leather
Crucible .
C. & O
Dutch
90
32
140
20
54
94
199
56
99
330
79
37
78
100
22
General Motors ..
Great Northern pfd
Great Northern Ore ...
Goodrich
Industrial Alcohol
International Nickel
Maxwell Motors
Marine
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas -
Pennsylvania ..
Pan American
Pierce Arrow
Reading
Republic Steel
36
44
102
193
..... 70
1
9
47
b2
99
75
76
102
120
37
Rubber !.
St. Taul
Southern Pacific 93
Sinclair Cons 44
Roofing That
Serves You Best
V
Barrett Everlasting Roofings
Everlasting Slate Surfaced
Roofing is an unusually artistic
and durable roll-roofing, sur
faced with crushed slate in
red or gretn.' For roofing the
better class of buildings and
also for use in valleys, on flat
roofed dormers, etc., where
Everlasting Shingles are used
for the main roof. Nails and
cement in each roll.
Everlasting "Rubber" Roof
ing the most popular roofing
of this type, now In use on
thousands of buildings In all
parts of the world. It is tough
pliable, elastic, durable and
very low in price. The great
est value in in each roll.
Ask Us For Full Information
Bisbee Lumber
Company
EMIL MARK8, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 23
LEASED WIRE
Studebaker .
Texas Pacific
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
... 40 ?4
... 193U
... 123 M
U. S. Steel : 102ij
U. S. Food "3
Willys 30
Westinghouse 51
NEW YORK COPPERS.
Anaconda - 56T6
Butte 1
19
Chino 33
Chili
18
33
47
22-
14
32 Vi
1 Green Cananea
Ii. spiration ....
Miami
Nevada
Old Dominion
Ray Con : 20
Shattuck
Utah
10
: 71
BOSTON COPPERS.
Arc.
Arizona Coml
Allouez -
4
12
34
63
.... 390
43
......1...... 11
C. A : -
C. & H. ...
C. Range ..
Daly West
Davis Daly
East Butte -. 17
Frank . 4
Granby
Hancock 6
H elver ton '. 4
Keenenaw 1
Lake 4
May Old Colony 6
Mohawk 60
Noith Butte ' 14
Nip 14
New Cornelia 19
Quincy 58
Roy -.-
Shannon .'
30
2
Utah Con -- 8
Ventura ---
December Corn
December Oats
Januaiy Cotton
NEW YORK CURB.
Amalgamated Roy
141
77
36.90
1
Aritex - 1
Con Copper 4
Creason
Denn
Dundee
Gadsden
2
25
2
Hecla - 3
Howe v
Mull..
Jerome Verde '
Kay
Magma Copper
Magma Chief ..
Miami
Night Hawk
Ray Hercules ....
Silver King
Verde Extension
4
33
1
33
'
10
5
2
37
Verde Combination
...Onh2 N..I
Southwestern Dev.
Regular.- -
2
2
2
First
Second -
First Option
Second Option
LIBERTY BONDS.
3S
First 4s
Second 4s
98.94
98.96
99.66
93.70
91.50
First 4s 93.90
Second 4s 91.94
Third 4s 93.94
Fourth 4s 91-74
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
Bid Ask
Argo
Big Jim
3
2
9
4
7
21
4
3
5
Gold Ore
Gold Dust
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride i
8
24
1.62
4.00
20
2.50
.37
.75
.50
.47
2.75
.40
5.25
1.60
.25
5.00
.45
1.00
Ask
1.00
.75
.85
1.00
.70
5.00
.50
4.25
1.75
2.43
1.60
1.05
.10
1.00
1.60
1.00
2.25
2.00
.70
.50
1.50
Tom Reed ! ' 1.61
United Eastern 3.85
Red Lion '. --
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster .25
Dundee .50,
Jerome Verde .37
Magma Chief 37
Wolv-Arizona 2.50
Verde Combination .38
Night Hawk 5.00
Kay 1-50
North Tigre Leas
Con. Copper Mines 4.87
Nacozari Consolidated 40
Feather River Copper
OILS.
Bid
Big Four (Ex. Div.) 85
Duke of Dublin...- : , ....
Comanche Home -
Comanche County ... ,
El Paso Ranger ..- .50
El Paso Burkburnett .'.
Jaggers Wallace
King Eight 3.25
Ocean 1.65
Ranger Ceutral 2.40
Ranger Burk 1.50
Silver Cycle 1.00
U. S. Oil
Bisbee-Texas
Homer Union 1.50
Service
Southwestern Dev.
First Issue 2.00
Second Issue 1.75
First Option
Second Option'
Stock (no option)
Buy him a case for his Kodak or
a tank developer. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt.
Best hot chocolate in town Daily
and Sunday. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
ORDINANCE NO. 226
AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED, "AN
ORDINANCE REGULATING TRAV-
EL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE
PUBLIC STREETS OF THE CITY
OF, BISBEE, ARIZONA.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Common
Council of the City of Bisbee, Ari
zona, as follows:
TERMS DEFINED
Section 1. The following terms,
whenever used in this Ordinance, ex
cept as otherwise specifically indicat
ed, shall be deemed to have and shall
be held to Include each or the mean
ings respectively set forth in this sec
tion, and any, such term used in the
singular number shall be held to in
clude the plural.
STREETS: Every avenue, boule
vard, highway, roadway, lane, alley,
strip, path, square or place used or
laid out for the use of vehicles.
CURB: The lateral boundaries of
that portion of a street designated or
intended for the use of vehicles,
whether marked by curbing construct
ed of stone, cement, concrete or other
material, or not so marked.
VEHICLE: Every wagon, hack,
coach, carriage, omnibus, pushcart,
bicycle, tricycle, motorcycle, automo
bile, street car or other conveyance,
except baby carriages, in whatever
manner or by whatever force or power
the same may be driven, naaen or
propelled, which is or may be used for
or adapted to pleasure riding or the
transportation of passengers, baggage,
merchandise or freight upon any
street; and every draft or riding ani
mal, whether driven, ridden or led,
provided, that an animal or anTmals
attached to any vehicle shall, with
such vehicle, constitute one vehicle.
CONGESTED DISTRICT
Shall embrace those certain streets
and portions of streets in the City of
Bisbee, described as follows, viz:
Howell Avenue, beginning at its In
tersection with the west line of Brew
ery Gulch, thence in a westerly direc
tion to the T. W. C. A. building;
thence around the north side of said
building to Shearer avenue; thence
southerly along Shearer avenue to its
intersection with Subway street. Also
Main Street, beginnig at the west
property line of the Masonic Temple,
thence along Main street in an east
erly direction to its intersection with
Lower Main Street (R, R. Ave.),
thence along Lower Main Street (R.
R. Ave.) to its intersection with Brew
ery Gulch, thence along Naco Road to
the east property line of the new Co
chise County jail; also all of what Is
known as Brewery Gulch beginning
at its Intersection with Lower Main
Street (R. R. Ave) and Naco Road
runing in a northerly direction to the
south line of the building used by the
Henderson Watkins Lumber Com
pany; also what is known as Subway
Street and Review Alley.
Section 2. Every person" riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street, within
the City -of Bisbee, shalLrtde, drive or
propel such vehicle upon such street
in a careful manner and with due re
gard for the safety and convenience
of pedestrians and all other vehicles
upon such street.
Any driver of any vehicles being
driven on the public streets in a reck
less or dangerous manner Is guilty of
a misdemeanor, notwithstanding the
said vehicles was not exceeding the
speed limit.
TURNING TO RIGHT
Section 3. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, upon meeting any other ve
hicle at any place upon any street
within the City of Bisbee. shall turn
to the right, and on all occasions
when it is practicable so to do, shall
travel on the right side of such street,
and as near the right hand curb there
of as practicable. "
PASSING TO LEFT
Section 4. Every . person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, Bhall, in overtaking and pass
ing any other vehicle In or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee, pass
to the left of such vehicle, and the
person In charge of such vehicle be
ing so overtaken and passed shall
swing to the right whenever practi
cable.
CHANGING COURSE
Section 5. Every person riding.
driving, propelling or In charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street In the
City of Bisbee. shall, before turning,
stoppine or changing the course of
such vehicle, first see that there Is
sufficient space for such movement
to be made in safety, and shall give
the regulation visible sienal to per
sons in charge of vehicle behind the
vehicle so turning, stopping or chang
ing its course, of his Intention to make
such movement.
Section 6. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street within
the City of Bisbee in turning to the
right into another street. Bhall turn
the corner as near the right curb as
possible.
Every person riding, driving, pro
pelling or in charge of any vehicle In
the City of Bisbee turning to the right
from one street into another street
shall have the rieht of way over ve
hicles traveling in the direction in
which such vehicle Is turning; and
every person riding, driving, propel
ling or. in charge of any vehicle trav
eling in the direction In which such
vehicle is turning shall allow such
right of way to such vehicle so turn
ing. TURNING AT INTERSECTION
Section 7. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of nnv
vehicle In or upon anv street within
th CItv of Bisbee, Phall. in turning
to the left, into another street, pass
to the right of and beyond the center,
of the street intersection before turn
In ft.
Every person riding, driving, pro
pelling or in charge of nnv vehicle in
the Citv of Bisbee turning to the left
from one street into another street
shall nllow the rieht of wav to ve
hicles traveling In the direction In
which such vehicle is tnrnlne. and
erery person ridfnsr. drivlne. propell
ing or In chrr of any vehicle travel
ing in the direction in which such ve
nicle Is turning shall have the right of
way over such vehicle so. turning.
Section 8. Every person riding, driv-
mg, propelling or in charge of any ve
hicle, crossing from one side of any
street to the other side thereof, shall
make such crossing by turning to the
left so as to be constantly" upon the
right hand side of such street with
relation to the direction in which such
vehicle is headed.
Provided: That in the congested
district no vehicles shall be allowed
to so cross from one side of a certain
street to the other, unless such cross
ing Is effected by sich vehicle going
beyond and around the center of a
street intersection.
STOPPING NEAR CURB
Section 9. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to cause the same to be stop
ped in or upon any street in the con
gested district of the City of Bisbee,
with the left side of such vehicle to
ward or along or next to the curb.
Section 10. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to cause the same to be stop
ped in or upon any street within the
congested district In the City of Bis
bee. unless every point on the side of
such vehicle nearest the curb Is with
in one foot of such curb; provided,
however, that the provisions of this
section shall not apply In case of
emergency, or when such stop is made
for the purpose of allowing another
vehicle or a street car or interurban
car or pedestrian to pas3 In rront of
such vehicle so stopped.
APPROACHING STREET CARS
Section 11. In approaching or pass
ing a street car of a street railway
which has been stopped or Is stopping
to allow passengers to alight or em
bark, the operator of every motor ve
hicle going in the same direction as
or opposite to said car shall bring
such vehicle to a full stop fifteen feet
away from entrance of said street car
and shall not start such vehicle until
all passengers have entered said car,
or have left said car and reached the
sidewalk.
Section 11 (a). It shall be unlaw
ful to drive, ride, propel or cause or
permit to be ridden, driven or pro
pelled, any motor vehicle In saicT City
unless the same be equipped with an
adequate warning device, which must
be operated when such vehicle is
about to cross any place where condi
tions are hazardous for other vehicles,
prooertv or nersons in that vlclnltv.
POSITION WHILE STANDING
Section 12. -It shall be unlawm? for
any person, riding, driving, propelling
or In charge of any vehicle in or upon
any street within the congested dis
trict of the Citv of Bisbee. to allow
puch vehicle to remain backed up to
the curb, excepting when such ve
hicle is being actually loaded or un
loaded. Section 13. , It shall be unlawful for
any driver, owner, or operator of any
automobile, - motorcycle, or other ve
hicle to permit or allow such vehicle
to stand at right angles or approxi
mately so with the curb line upon any
public street of the City if Bisbee.
with the front of said machine or ve
hicle toward the curb, or sidewalk line
of such street.
Section 14. Vehicles in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee, upon
approaching an intersecting road or
street shall be under control by the
operators thereof, so as to pevmit the
vehicle on the right of the vehicle ap
proaching to first cross such inter
secting road or street.
Section 15. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride, drive or propel or
cause to be ridden, driven or propelled
in, along or upon any street within the
congested district any vehicle in a
backward direction, if by doing so. the
free and uninterrupted passage of an
other vehicle or of any street car is
Impeded. If it should be necessary for
any vehicle to be ridden, driven or
propelled in a backward direction the
same shall be done in a slow and care
ful manner.
FIRE, POLTCE AND HOSPITAL
APPARATUS
Section 16. The officers and fire
men of the Fire Department and their
apparatus of all kinds, when going to
or on duty at or returning from a fire,
and all ambulances, whether public or
private character, and all other ve
hicles when employed in carrying sick
or injured persons to hospitals or
other plaoes for relief or treatment,
and the officers and poltcemen and
vehicles of the police department shall
have the rteht of way over all other
persons and vehicles on any street
and throueh any procession In the
Citv of Bisbee.
Upon the approach of any apparatus
of the Fire Department every person
riding, driving, propelling or In charge
of any vehicle in or upon any street
in the City of Bisbee shall immediate
ly stop such vehicle as near as possi
ble to the right curb of such street.
and it shall be unlawful for any such
person to cause or permit such ve
hicle to be moved until such apparatus,
police patrol wagon or ambulance
shall have passed such vehicle.
HORSES AT RIGHT ANGLES TO
CURB
Section 17. Every person in charge
of any horse, mule or other animal at
tached to a vehicle backed up to the
curb upon any street within the Citv
of Bisbee shall turn such animal and
keep the same turned at rieht angles
to such vehicle and In the direction in
which the traffic Is moving upon the
side of the street upon which such
animal Is standing.
STANDING OR TTTTCTTTNG NEAR
INTERSECTIONS
Section 18. It shall be unlawful for
any person to hitch or to cause or per
mit to bo hitched any horse, mule or
other animal or to leave standing, or
cause or permit to be left standing
any bicycle, motorcycle, automobile,
busrgy. carriage, waeon or other ve
hicle upon any street within the con
gested district of the City of Bisbee,
along which street cars are run or
operated within five feet ? either
side of any street that crosses, in
tersects or terminates in such street,
or within five feet of either such side
line extended across such street at
right angles.
STANDING NEAR FIRE HYDRANTS
Section 19. It shall be unlawful for
any person to hitch or to leave stand
ing or to cause or permit to be hitched
or left standing, any animal, or to leave
standing any vehicle," or to stop or
cause or permit to be stopped any ani
may or vehicle, in or upon-any public
street in the City of Bisbee, within
five feet of any fire hydrant.
STANDING IN CONGESTED
DISTRICT
Section 20. It shall be unlawful for
any person to leave hitched or cause
or permit to be left hitched any horse,
mule or other animal, or to leave
standing or to cause or permit to be
left standing any vehicle upon any
street within the congested district
of the City of Bisbee for a period
longer than ten (10) minutes, except
in parking places, now prescribed or
hereinafter designated; and provided
further, that no such vehicle, drawn
by any horse, mule or other animal
shall be left standing for any period
unless a competent "driver shall be in
charge of such vehicle or said animal
attached to said vehicle, be hitched
with proper line and a ten-pound (10
pound) weight, so as to insure the
safety of the traveling public.
Section 21. It shall be unlawful for
any person owning or operating any
motor vehicle within the City of Bis
bee, to deface, obliterate or conceal,
or to permit to be defaced, obliterated
or concealed, or allow the same to re
main defaced obliterated or concealed,
in any manner, the number plate re
quired to be upon said vehicle by the
ilaws of the State of Arizona.
I CPTTTTT TTXTtTC
. ) 1. 'J L ,. .1 ..A . A t
Section 22. Any person who shall
ride, drive, or propel, or cause, or
permit to be ridden, driven, or pro
pelled, any vehicle at a rate of speed
exceeding six (6) miles per hour over
or across any street Intersection in
the congested district, or twelve (12)
miles an hour over the streets of the I
congested district, or exceeding
fifteen (15) miles per hour outside the
congested district, and within said city,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and
upon conviction thereof shall be fined
for the first offense not less than
five dollars ($5.00) nor more than
fifty dollars ($50.00) ; for the second
offense, within a period of six (6)
months from the date of the first of
fense, the fine shall not be less than
ten dollars ($10.00) nor more than
one hundred dollars $(100.00) or im
prisonment In the City Jail for a pe
riod not less than thirty (30) days
nor more than forty-five (45) days or
by both such fine and imprisonment;
EXCEPTIONS
Provided, further, that nothing
herein contained shall be construed to
affect members of the City Fire De
partment, members or officers of the
City Water Department, when assign
ed to answer fire alarms or emer
gency calls, any policeman, or other
peace officer in the discharge of his
duty, or any ambulance, whether of
public or private character, and all
other vehicles when employed in car
rying sick .or injured to hospitals or
other places for relief or treatment,
or doctors responding to an emergency
call.
NOTICE POSTED
That the City Engineer be. and is
hereby directed to post such notices
as are required by law at the intersec
tion of each street within the line of
the district hereinbefore in this ordi
nance described.
LIGHTS ON VEHICLES
Section 23. It shall be and It is
hereby declared to be unlawful for any
person to drive, or cause or permit to
be driven or allow to remain upon or
along any street in the City of Bisbee.
any motor vehicle during the period
of one (1) hour after sunset to thirty
(30) minutes before sunrise, unless
there is attached to such vehicle prop
er light, in front of such vehicle, and
proper tail light in the rear of such
vehicle, plainly visible, at all times;
and provided further that no person
driving or operating any such vehicle
shall at any time permit or use any
spot light of anv kind or character.
HAULING. ETC.
Section 24. It shall be umawru! for
any person, firm or corporation to
haul upon or along any street within
the City of Bisbee. any dirt, gravel,
paving material or other material
liable to fall or be scattered from the
wagon or vehicle upon which the
same is being hauled, without taking
adequate measures to keep the same
from beine spilled on the street.
DEBRIS PROHIBITED
Section 25. It shall be unlawful for
any person to throw, deposit or place
in or upon any public street or alley
within the City of Bisbee, any nails.
ta.cks, crockery, scrap iron, tin, wire,
bottles, glass, thorns or thorny clip
pings, or thorny branches of trees or
bushes, or any other article or thing
likely to punctur-e or injure the tire
of any vehicle.
INTOXICATED DRIVERS
Section 26. Any person operating
or drivine a motor or other vehicle
while intoxicated, upon any public
street In the City of Bisbee, shall be
guiltv of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punishable
b va fine of not less than firty dollars
($50 00) nor more than two hundred
($200.00) dollars, and by imprison
ment not exceeding 30 davs. for the
first offense: and punishable bv a fine
of not less than One Hundred
($100.00) Dollars nor more than Three
Hundred ($300 00) Dollars, and impris
onment not less than 20 or more than
90 davs. for second offense
FSTNG OTHERS' MACHINES
Section 27. Anv person who shall
drive or operate or cause to he driven
or operated, upon any public street
wi'hin the City of Bisbee nnv motor
vehicle, not his own. without the con
sent of the owner, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor.
Any person who shall without the
consent of the owner or person in
charge of a motor vehicle climb upon
or ino such vehicle, whether the same
be In motion or nt rest, or who while
such veh'e'e Is at rest rnd unattend
ed shall attempt' to manipulate nnv of
th levers, the smarting crank, brakes
or mechanism thereof, or to set- saW
vrWd In motion shall be guilty oT
a misdemeanor.
In addition to all other punishments
herein elsewhere provided, the court
may for a definite period suspend or
revoke an operator's or chauffeur's
license upon conviction of the licen
see for violation of any of the provi
sions of this ordinance.
DRIVING ON NEW PAVEMENT
Section 28. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride or drive or to cause
to De ridden or driven any animal, or
to ride, drive or propel, or to cause
to be ridden, driven or propelled any
vehicle over or across any newly made
prvement in any public street, across
or around which pavement there is a
barrier, or at, over or near which
there is a person or a sign waminp
persons not to drive over or across
slich pavement, or a sign stating that
the street is closed.
MUFFLER CUT-OUT, ETC.
Section 29. Every motor vehicle
must have devices in working order
which shall be at all times in constant
operation to prevent excessive or un
usual noise, annoying smoke and the
escape of gas, steam or oil, as well as
the falling out of residue from fuel.
and all exhaust pipes carrying exhaust
gas from the engine shall be directed
parallel to the ground or slightly up
ward. Devices known as "muffler
cut-outs' 'shall not be used within the
limits of the City of Bisbee.
LEAVING AUTO ENGINE RUNNING
Section 30. It shall be unlawful for
any person to leave unattended upon
any public street, alley or other pub
lic place in the City of Bisbee, any
automobile or other motor vehicle
while any part of the machinery of
such vehicle is running or in motion.
DRIVERS UNDER 16 YEARS
Section 31. It shall be unlawful for
any person under the age of sixteen
(16) years to run, drive, propel or op
erate any automobile or other motor
vehicle In, upon or along any public
street or other public place In the
City of Bisbee unless granted a spe
cial permit, revocable for cause, by
the City Marshal.
It shall be unlawful for any person
to cause or permit any automobile or
other motor vehicle to be run, driven,
propelled or operated In, upon, over
or along any public street or other
public place by any person under the
age of sixteen (16) years, unless suck
last mentioned person shall have the
permit mentioned as In the first para
graph of this section.
OBSTRUCTING STREET
Section 32. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride, drive or cause to
be ridden or driven any horse or
other animal, or to ride, drive,
or propel, or ' cause to be
ridden, driven or . propelled, any
wagon, bicycle, motorcycle, auto
mobile or other vehicle upon or along
any public sidewalk, or to permit such
animal or vehicle, to stand thereon.
or to permit any animal or vehicle to
stand upon any public street in such
manner as to obstruct the free use of
such street. '
TRAILING
Section 33. It snail be unlawful for
any person traveling upon roller
skates, or riding in or upon any
coaster, tricycle, velocipede, bicycle or
motorcycle, upon any public thorough
fare within the City of Bisbee. to nold
to, cling to, or in any manner attach
either himself- or the vehicle upon
which he is. riding to any street, car,
automobile, truck, wagon, Buggy or
other moving vehicle.
PARADE REGULATIONS
Section 34. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm, corporation, asso
ciation, society or aggregation of per
sons, firms, corporations, associations
or societies to parade in along or
upon any public street in the City of
Bisbee- except by and with the con
sent of the Common ouncil of said
ity, and not then, except in, along and
upon such streets, and at such time as
shall be designated in said permit.
CARRYING BANNERS
Section 35. It shall be unlawful for
any person on foot, or in carriages,
wagons, automobiles or on any vehicle
or on horseback, to carry in, along or
upon any public street or sidewalk
in the City of Bisbee, in or with any
parade or procession or other
wise, any banner, sign, transparency,
or device for the purpose of display
unless the sign, transparency or de
vice shall have been first approved by
the Common Council.
FUNERAL PROCESSIONS
Section 36. It shall be unlawful for
any person to obstruct the free and
uninterrupted passage in, upon, along
or through any public street in the
City of Bisbee. of any funeral cortege
or procession or to obstruct. Impede
or prevent the passage of any person
or persons attending the conveyance
of the body of any deceased person to
a place for holding services thereover
or to a place of interment or crema
tion. PENALTIES
Section 37. That any person, firm
or corporation violating any of the
provisions of this Ordinance not other
wise provided for, shall be deemed
guilty of a . misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be punished
by a fine of not less than ten ($10.00)
dollars, nor more than one hundred
($100.00) dollars, or by Imprisonment
in the City Jail of the City of Bisbee
for a term of not less than five (5)
days nor more than fifty (50) (Jays, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 38. That all Ordinances and
parts of Ordinances in conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
PASSED. ADOPTED AND AP
PROVED by the Mayor and Common
Council this 16th day of September,
1919. JACOB ERICKSON,
Mayor.
ATTEST:
M. L. BUTfER.
City Clerk.
First publication Nov. 25. 1919.
FRATERNAL ORDER
OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O
B.. meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall
Visitors cor
dlallv we!
come.
EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pre.
V. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L, EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician,
Lodge Notices
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
E. B. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANIC
'iWilfaT. Mt-ota In I D n I
iitt7i. " - "
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s i t in,
krothers welcome.
J. W. CORCORAN, councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr., Fi.ec. Secy.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF
SECURITY
Meets on the first and third Mon
day of each month at Odd Fellows'
hall at 7:30 p. m. Visiting member
cordially invited.
R. F. HANCOCK. President.
Box 1348, Bisbee.
WINNIE JOWLES, Secretary,
Box 1054, Bisbee.
F. J. ATT A WAY, Financier,
Bck 3171, Lowell
BROTHERHOOD CF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I.. Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesdays at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
ALEX KIDD, Foreman.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1496. Phone Red S84.
DECEMBER 6, 1919
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday
Saturday 3rd Degres
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y F.illk
W. R. BANKS, E. H. P.
N. C. 2LEDS0E. T. L M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Ctaap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
bee Lodge No.
meets the 2d
4 th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
flalL Visiting members cordially In
vited. CATHERINE FINOTTI President.
Box 722.
EFFIE M. JONES, Treasurer,
Box 1021.
HONORA MUNCH. Secrotay,
Box 1621.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, MooBe Hall.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
1. A. ROSOK.
Dictator
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:It
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS Cler
Phono 60t
All Woodrien Invited
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAa
Rathbone Lodge No. 10
vv siy -s Knights of Pythias,
x ftV yi' n.ets each Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brother
CGzClaily invited.
H. H. WA RBURTON, C. C.
W. E. McCALLtfM. K. of R, 8.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
U O. U NO. 210.
meets In I. O.
O. F. Hall 2nd
and 4th Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting Broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend. T. SMITH AN, W. M.
ROBERT FERQUS, Secr.
P. O. Eox '26. Blst
IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Meets First and Third
Thursday ot each
month a Medigovlch
Hall. Visiting Broth
ers cordially invited
TIIOS. HASTIE.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. S meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of aca
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C.
Thone 804.
LILLIE VINSON, M. O. R. C.
ORDER OF EASTERN 8TAR
meets In Masonlo Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Ilajl second and
fourth Tuesday of wen
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAG SD ALE, W. M.,
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. r. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Cotn
Phone 471.
mm
JL
ft! S-5L.il M nd
mi EAGE SEVEN
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1919
THE BISBEE DA! LX RE VI ESS
,J
:
A
;i
J
;
- i
' i
S
')
'4
J
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertliements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word for
eacn Insertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ad will be
celveJ Inter than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over hc telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALB Finely equipped speed
ster; electric lights and starter.
This is a classy car. Terms. In
quire at once. Long Trail Garage,
Lowell. . ' 1S04-12-9
FOR SALE One 6 h. p. engine, Mor
ris & Fairbanks; new; never been
useu; a bargain. Mrs. M. T. Frush.
1S0512-16
FOR SALE Mark's rooming house,
Lowell. Doing good business.
1694-12-7
FO Rf..LE A Ludwig piano, in Al
condition. $125 cash. Inquire 93B,
Young Blood Hill. 1822-12-9
FOR SALE Studebaker truck boijy.
See at Metz Soda Works.
1824-12-5
SLIGHTLY worn suits, waists and
dresses, size 40, for sale cheap.
Ives Warburton, over Independent
Fuel office. 1727-12-3
FOR SALE Four-room house; level
front and back yard; fenced; ce
ment walk, chicken house; bargain
if taken at once; cash or terms; 49
- Jiggersville. 1803-12-3
rOR SALE J.i-borse power, 60 eye'e,
120 volt Induction motor. Bisj'-e
Pail Review. 20 9-3-2 4-t.tt
FOR SALE: 5 ROOM MODERN
brick houe, all built in features on
Boulevard fourth house to lert up
from hospital stop, Warren. 1714-12-5
FOR SALE 8-room house, one barn,
iu with.oo fmit trees. Cochise !
road. R. C. Maruisch, owner.
1678-Dec 0
FURNITURE OF HOTEL AND RES
taurant for sale with privilege of
renting hotel. Naco, Arizona, next to
Immigration office. 1679-Dec. 9
FOR SALE Small restaurant doing
good business. Answer to P. O.
Box 907. 1705-12-12
FOR SALE Large safe, combination
strong box and bonom, ce uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 1577-tf
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe?ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
- 1265-tf
OR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
689-Stf-17
DON'T SELL. YOUR CAR until you
see us. We buy them running or
wrecked. Highest prices paid for
metals, rubber, sacks, hides and
wool, me Arizona wrecKing to,
Lowell, Ariz. Phone 446. 1474-tf
. t . . rrT ; rv-; I
FOR SALE-Full size birdeye maple;
Dea wun spring ana mattress, rnone
314. A. J. Fairclough, Warren.
1682-Nov. 26-tf
FOR SALE Three-room house, with j
or without furniture; a bargain; no j
bills. McDougall, 37 Laundry Hill,
Metz car stop. 1735-12-6
FOR SALE- -Sixteen rooms, steam
heat, running water, dining room in j
connection.
Warren.
See Mrs. Fairclough,
1738-12-3
FOR SALE $150 takes a stripped ;
Studebaker 4; fine rubber all
around; two seats;, self starter;
electric lights, but no battery with
it at this price. Address P. O. Box
2072. 1751-12-C
Wanted j
WANTED Someone to tak? Superior
dining room and kitchen; will board j
for rent. Phone 325. 1806-12-7 ,
WANTED Room, private family,
close In, single, lady. Address F. II.
care Review.
1719-12 5
Male Help Wanted
WANTED An
or saleslady,
elry store.
experienced salesman i
Call at Racket jew- j
1S07-12-3
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid at Copper
Queen Hot
tel. 1819-12 3-tf.
WANTED
Hotel.
-Kitchen help.
Warren
1813 -12
-
WANTED White woman for general1,
housework ; inn he experienced !
Willi children. Mrs. Flanagan, phone
602.
hns.
WANTED Girl
work. Phone
for
49::.
general house
15.' 2 tf
Positions Wanted
WANTED Job as truck driver or ear
driver, lixporir need. P. O. Box No.
l;.::: , . LS08-12-4
WANTED Position us rodman or
draftsman; have had two years of
railroad work P. O. Box No. 26o3.
1S0912 4
. ' -
WANTED Work by experienced,
housekeeper with boy 12 years. 2"!
Lauudn Hill. North Metz t ar stop.
1812-12 1 ,
4
For Rent
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, $14 month. Light
and water free. 26 Jiggersville.
1753-12-3
FOR RENT One well rurnished room.
Call between 1Q a. ni. and 3 p. m. at
Mrs. Grace Williams, Clauson Hill.
1720-12-5
FOR RENT Beauttfully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Six-room, furnished, new
house in Warren. Inquire Mrs. A.
B. McKeen, Hoatson avenue. War
ren. 1695-12-3
FOR RENT Two-room cement house,
well furnished; No. 30 Johnson ave
nue, Johnson addition. 1726-12-3
FOR RENT Furnished room wun a
garage, one block from Warren
postoffice. Phone Blue 475 or 175.
1698-11-tf
FOUR housekeeping rooms for rent
1 cheap. 12 Jiggersville. 1816-12-5
FOR RENT Unfurnished nine-room
i house on Vista street, Warren;
i would rent to June 1 only. Phone
I 465, Jesse Yoakum. 1820-12-7
FOR RENT Four-room house. In
quire Mrs. Mary Muffro, 89 Brew
1 ery Gulch. 1821-12-9
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, batch
in? lrSht housekeeping or bed
rooms.
Gulch.
Phone 660, No. 143 Brewery
1823-12-9
LOST
STRAYED or stolen Airedale dog, li
cense No. 19. Phone 346. Reward.
' : 1817-12-3
LOST Between Knights of Columbus
hall and Lowell, Thursday night,
one gold watch engraved W. J.
Brown, presented by K. CL C. M.
Leave at Review office and receive
liberal reward. 1697-12-3
LOST Square gold locket; between
Mrs. Sales' dancing academy and
the street car line Reward. Mrs.
H. Carter, Box 2211, Bisbee.
1810-12-3
Misceliaoeou
CLOTHES BOUGHT,
works.
CITY DYE
1681-12-26
LEE WOMBLES, the small job con
tractor. Brick, stone, cement and
carpenter work. Phone Ureer, 822.
Box 3S7, Bisbee. 1569-12-18
p jj. HANCOCK, Signs
Phone 610.
1667-12-19
. Johnson addition
LEARN actual auto repair, vulcaniz-
Jng m y M
School.
11-tf
ve BUY AUTOMOBILES wiecked or
tanning; also Junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.,
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tf
j MATERNITY
HOME, Mason Hill.
consult your physician and call 573
Black for terms, etc. 171S 12,12
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
well and feel well. All corsets fit
ted by Ines Warburton. Price $2.50
up. Next to Arizona Grocery store.
1699-12-5
EXPER IENCED S A LESM EN.
. We manufacture and
control exclu
sively a complete line of Art and
Commercial Calendars, Monthly Ad
vertising Service, and a wide range
of attractive, quick selling Special
ties in Celluloid and Leather. Per
manent year-round employment un
der a liberal commission contract
with remittances weekly. Experi
ence in our line not essential. 1920
selling season opens January first.
The oldest and largest r.ouse in the
advertising specialty field Terri
tory available in Arizona. Please
give age, experience and references,
first letter. THE AMERICAN ART
WORKS, Coshocton, Ohio.
1740-12-13
I Fine line of enernveil Christmas
- . i. nrA,ivi
I
!
U.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
R. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona.
October 31. 1019.
Notice I;: hereby given tliat Hugh E
! Flutchc-f, of H-reford. Arizona, who,
i-ri 1 v Jiiinrai;. i.n;, maun iiuiiim
1 t o.-i - ,
JsteaJ Entry
iSWIiNB'i.
io. uziiys ior h'ANtVi
N U S E i A N E4 . S El-4 N K
i ini-:i4. s.c. n, sy,Nwv4Nwy. n
V,SV'4NVvVi. NE'JNWU, N',isSEl-4
NW1-4. WVjNVl-4NV4NE4. SW4
NWV, NE',4, NWV:PWi4NE'4. Section
12, Township 23 S. Range :0 F1, G. &
S. R I! & Meridian, liiis filed tioticu
of int-ni ion to make three year Proof.
to establish claim to Ihe land above
described. befo;e Jared D. TH.vlor. II.
S. Commissioner, at iBsbi-e. Arizona,
on h It'th day of December, 1919.
Claimant names at witnessex:
Hi-nry Mugne. of Gaiees. Ariz.
John Dinwlddie, of Garccs. Ariz.
pe(t,r Haverty. of Garces. Ariz,
Charles R. Bk"1'.'rman. or Hereford.
Aril. J. L. IRVIN.
11-S-l'J :ot Register.
STATE REVIEW
! OFINDUSTRY
i . !
Phoenix to be winter home of
Barnes' wild animal circus.
Tucson Local company to develop
mineral claims in Tucson mountains.
Douglas Cattle shipments through
out district tgain under way.
Bowie to prepare landing field for
stopping point on National Air Line
association route. U. S. Oil & R. Co.
resume drilling after short stop.
Phoenix Government and state
funds totalling $30,000 to be used for
Gila river projects.
Nogales to have $360,000 bond issue
for constructio new water system.
Bisbee te have co-operative store
with capital stock of $50,000.
Mesa Phoenix architects complet
ing plans for local civic center.
Phoenix Arizona cotton crop for
1919 estimated 70,000 bales against
56,000 bales for 1918.
Globe Improvements now under
way exceed $500,000.
Phoenix Eastern company to make
rheumatism oil cure from Arizona rat
tlesnakes. Pahtagonia New management to
thoroughly develop Three R. mine.
Phoenix to provide $20,000 home for
American Legion. State superinten
dent of public instruction adocates
$100 minimum wageor teachers.
Patagonia Many ol locations being
made along Whetstone mountains.
Warren to get modern junior high
school containing 18 recitation rocms.
Phoenix State war department re
ceive large shipment of highway con
struction equipment.
Tombstone Much highway repair
work throughout county under way.
Arizona corn yield 1919 totaled 1,
f21,000 bushels against 952,000 bush
els in 191S.
Phoenix Construction plans for $1,
000,000 Verde water project progress
ing rapidly. State to loan $185,000 for
completion of Lyman dam. Work start
ed on construction of $200,000 Shrine
temple. .
Phoenix Plans and specifications
for concrete bridke over Agua Fria
received. Un allotted land of Gila res
ervation thrown open for mining pur
poses. .Bowie Official test of U. S. Oil and
Refining company's will assures cer
tainty of oil.
Phoenix Owing to labor shortage
Arizona to again use convict labor.
Ajo Little Ajo down to 2200 feet
level, record depth in district.
Tucson Sunrise and Sunshine
group to be thoroughly developed.
Daily Arizona to bufld 100 ton flota
tion plant at cost of $75,000.
Phoenix-Local Shriners award con
tract for election of temple. Eastern
capital purphases Kay Copper mine
shares, extensive development under
way.
Yuma U. S. government to sell at
public auction 500 Yuma valley farms
December 10.
Phoenix First oil well being sunk
near here in Peru valley.
Gila Water company buys huge tract
of land near Arlington.
Globe school buildings now under
constuction will cost $200,000 and new
sewer system $235,000.
Heavy cattle shipments made from
southern points.
Salt River beekeepers have pros
perous season.
Kay copper mine sold for $500,000;
one of the biggest mining deals this
year.
Silver's rise responsible for much
activity around Kingman and Chlor
ide. Patagonia The Pierce-Garden mine
ships four cars ore weekly for past
nine months.
Tucson Arizona Tonopah company
install power plant at shaft.
Turson banks consolidate with cap
ital of $2,280,000.
Yuma Hold fields in desert to be
scene of operations.
Phoenix in midst of $2,500,000 build
ing boom; great growth of city.
Mayor Sheldon mine gets new
electric hoist, compressor and pumps.
Big oil claims located in southern
part of state.
Holbrook Drilling of oil well near
Adamant! wells to start soon.
Ivory Pyralin- the gnuine IVi
Pont's - Singh.' pieres an-i sets;fine
selection! Buy early. Lowell Drug
Co. Advt.
SHIFT THE SCENES AND YOU'LL PROFIT
Don't fritter jiway al! your earnings on today's transitorv ileasu'r.s.
Look I own t (I the future. Every man eau afloiil lo save sonwt li'iif.
eaeh week. No man ean afford not to sate.
This banKi s a sale, secure. ;'.H h' iltil lcMo.,ii o, v :M- jnur sat'ii;;; .
Miners and Merchants Bank
BI35CE,
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. 9, 1919.
Survey No. 8555.
Serial No. 042965.
I OF APPLICATION
PATENT.
NOTICi
FOR
Notice is nereby given that In pur
suance of the United States Mining
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, bas
made application for patent for 143t.s
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. l
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 1495 Ira
ear feet of the Black Hawk No. 4
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 6 lode, situated in tne
Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
I by the official plat herewith posted.
I and by the field notes on file in tne
j office of the Register of the Phoenrx
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. Is
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner Fro.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B. U
M. brs. S. O. 35' E.. 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62" 17' W.'600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& M.. brs. No. 20 11' E. 212.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No.' 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S.. R- 25 E.. G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. "N. 43 16' W. 6G5 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. G00" ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62M7 W.
60 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the p!ac or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of Ine
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the M Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S.. R. 25 E., O. & S. R. H.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62" 17' E. 600 ft to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62e 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 25
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of -the
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 20" 11' , E. 21S.6 ft.;
thence. N. 28 55' E. 600 ft. to Ccr.
No. 2; thence S. 62" 17' E. 1500 It.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 rt.
to Cor. No. 4; thence NV 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, in
township 23 South, range 25 East, ot
Gila and Salt River Base and Men
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, EooX
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 430,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed.
and owned by J. Muhelm.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines oi
surface ground, are required to file
their adverse claims with the Regrs
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of pubii
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of tne
statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
LEGAL NOTICE.
This is to certify that Beatrice
Powers has made application for a li
cense to operate service car anywhere
in state of Arizona; and notice is fur
ther given that a hearing on said ap
plication will be held before said Arl
zona Corporation Commission at the
fitv tinll In the ritv of Bisbee. Ariz..
J at 9 a.m. on the 8th clay of Decem
ber, 1919.
Dated at Bisbee Ariz., this 2nd day
of December, 1919.
(Signed) BEATRICE POWERS.
12-l-3t
ARIZONA
' ORDINANCE NO. 228
AN ORDINANCE, ENTITLED "AN
ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR
PAYMENT OF LICENSE TAX
UPON BOXING MATCHES, AND
FISTIC EXIHBITIONS."
BE JT ORDAINED By the Mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee, Arizona:
Section 1. That it shall be unlaw
ful within the City of Bisbee, Ari
zona, for any person, or persons, to
engage in, encourage, instigate.or pro
mote any boxing match, wrestling
match, fistic exhibitions, or prize
fight, either as principal, agent, ref
eree, second, or otherwise without
first having paid a license tax In the
sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and ob
tained a permit, from the City Mar
sha ,- therefor.
S;rtion 2. Any person or persons
failing or refusing to pay such
license fax, and obtain such permit, as
provided in the foregoing section of
this Ordinance, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon convic
tion thereof shall be fined in any
sum not less than Twenty-five Dollars
($25.00). and not more than One Hun
dred Dollars ($100.00), or by impris
onment in the city jail for a period of
not exceeding thirty (30) days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 3. All ordinances, and
parts of ordinances, in conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
PASSED, APPROVED AND AD
OPTED, this 18th day of November,
1919.. . JACOB ERICKSON,
Mayor.
Attest:
M. L. BUTLER,
City Clerk.
First publication Nov. 25, 1919.
LEGAL NOTICE.
This is to certify that S. F. Bailey
has made application for a license to
operate freight truck in Warren and
vicinity; and notice is further given
that a hearing on said application will
be held before said Arizona Corpora
tion Commission at -the city hall in
the city of Bisbee, Ariz., at 9 a. m. on
the Sth day of December, 1919.
Dated at Bisbee, Ariz., this 3d day
of December, 1919.
(Signed) S. F. BAILEY.
Adv-12-5
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
Notico is hereby given: That Alma
Clason. whose postoffice address fs
Bisbee. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the follow in&
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Miuing District, Cochise
County, Arizona, in Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
O. & S ft. B & M described as fol
lows, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 20"' 10' W. 9071.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 feei
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner
No. 4; "thence N. 37 53' E. 150tr.O
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133.
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisbee Townsite Survey of 1.TI5
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 3 49' W. 930.6
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
X. 75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E. 606.10
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area or
IS. 153 acre3, expressly excluding are
in . conflict with Survey No. 1S34,
Cqckney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. 3"-Begra-nlng
at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Coi
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9SS5.2 feet; thence S.-75' 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thenco
S. 24 25' W.' 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area cf 19.8S2 oicres, expiessly ex
cluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 1834. Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529
acres, and with Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acren.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1. thy N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2' 09' W. 9843.8.
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feeti
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 3 11' W.I
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N. I
75 17' W. 1500.G feet to Corner No. I
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600 0 foet to!
Coiner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area ot 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the X. W. Corner; whence C
S. M. M. No. 175, Warren Minms
District, bears N. 10 06' V. 1037S 8
feet; thence S. 75' 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' Tv.!
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600 0 feet to
Corner No. 1. the place of beginning.
containing a net urea of 17.G14 acres, j
expressly excluding area in conflrcti-
with Survey No. :!162. Silica lode o
1.676 acres, and Survey No. ;1G6.
Moonlight lodo of 2.146 acres.
"ANITA" Beginning at Comer No.
!. llio S. E. Corner; whence the N. Tj. ;
i Corner of Section V,0. T. 23 S.. It. zt
I- G. & S. R. B. & M. bears C. G" IS' I
'I SO" V. 103O9 5 fcot; theuce N. 75"'
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26' 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75" 17' E. 1500.O
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 25
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. l,
the place ot beginning, containing
net area of 20.226 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres.
"WILLUNG." Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23
S.t R. 24 E., C. & S. R. B. & M. beam
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence W.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
; thence N. 31' 55' E. 628.0 feet tor
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' F..I
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence 8.
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.!
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.375 acres, expressry
excluding area la conflict, with Sur
vey No. 1881, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence the
N. 12. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S.,
R. 24 E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears s.
3 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75"
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 0 06' W. 978.20 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Coiner No. 4; thence b.
75" 17' E. 609.0 feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet ro
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflici
with Survey No. 3162, Worchesrei
lode of 0.120 acres. Survey No. 31(52
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
p.cres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the
bounty Recorder, Cochise County
Arizona, as follows:
Almette, recorded In Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded In Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recorded in Book 59, Rcc
ord of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded in Book 59, Record
"f Mines, page 411.
Morning star No. 3. recorded tn
Book 59. Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded ia Book 32, Rec
ord of Mines page 313.
Ani i, recorded in Book 59, Record
Ml.ies. page 407.
ahert, recorded in Book 59, Rec
oid ot Mines, page 410.
Thj mines of tho adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North,
Survey No. 1834. Cockney Hill lode,
and Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townsite,
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode. Survey No. 2133, Morning Stai
lode. Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode, Survey No. 3166. Moonlight loae.
and Survey Nc. 3162, Buck; Kltek
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1881. North Star
No. 2 lode; on the West. Survey No.
1881 North Star No. 3, North Star No.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. iJ4, cockney Hill and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L IRVIN.
Register.
ITALIAN-FRENCH
RESTAURANT
Regular Meals 50c
Specials from 6 to 8 75c
Brewery Gulch
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
. Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teeth.-...
They should be attended to now. DR.
J. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bldg. Modern,
Painless Methods.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P. M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P.M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia.
Copper Queen Hotel and ntgh-aass cafe
Tin- of ovorvthhi at reason i!U a la carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon daily. Also $1,125 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 p. m. Regular Hoard by the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
Le J. OVERLGCK, Broker
l Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Dututh. Calumr.
LOGAN" . BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAiiO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT
"DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS"
NEVER FAILS
Prof. Delynn and Palra j
WORLD'S GREATEST PHYSIC ME
DIUM, TRUTHFUL ADVISOR
NO GUESSES, NO FOR
TUNE TELLING.
LOCATED IN OFFICE ROOMS OVER
THE LOWELL DRUG CO. IN MARX
BUILDING, LOWELL. ARIZONA. i
SPIRITUALISTIC MEDIUM OF
AUSTRALIAN AND ENG
LISH FAME.
FEW DAYS ONLY
COME NOW DON'T WAIT.
SPECIAL $1.00 SPECIAL.
I tell you exactly what you want to
know concerning the very affairs in
which you are most deeply Interested.
KNOW WHAT TO DO KNOW THE
TRUTH KNOW THE TIME.
I call names, tell your ages, your
occupation and what condition your
business is in; how to promote it; tell
you all about your wife, husband and
sweetheart or lover, and how to win
the love of any you -desire. I tell you
of any move, journey, speculation, po
sition or change of any kind which
may be before you and how to act to
obtain the best results. I tell you ex
actly what your acquaintances
think of you, whom and when you
will mairy, if at all, and give their
names, ages, occupation and disposi
tion. In short, I tell you everything
you called to find out and that, too,
without asking you a word or ques
tion. Adv.
I
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and RenL
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRA2IER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
DR. PLAYFAIH
Osteon art
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car Sto,
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Cnurch, Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Paiating and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 728
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 831
Phone 6G7 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete snd Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121 PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE D AIL Y REVIEW
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1?19
SBEE BDYS
RETURN FROM
CONFERENCE
The fiv? Bisbee delegates to the
Olcier Boys' conference, which co:i
,enod iii l!oenix Nov. 2S SO, returned
to Bisbee Monday evening. Theve
wove 177 registered delegates, 130 of
whem were boys outside of Phoenix.
A large number of well-known speak
e:s were present, including Harry
Rinimer, Gale Seaman and K. C.
Wade.
The conference opened Friday,
Nov. 2S, with a big banquet given in
the lobby the Y. M. C. A. The
boys were welcomed by represtuta
tives of the city, the Y. M. C. A., the
churches, and the Ki-Y club of f'hoe
nix. The main addresses of the. even
ing were by Harry Riinmer and .Gale
Seaman, both of Los Angeles, Calif.
Harry Kimmpr immediately became
the favorite speaker of the confer
ence. Rinimer talked on "The Worth of a
Man's Man." His idea of a "man or
measure" was one who was priii!r
ily in good physical condition, a man
who could use his brain, and a man
who really believed in God. Harry
Rinimer is Y. M. C. A. physical in
Miuctor for the Pacific fleet and was
a. minister before he became physi
cal director. He also was a profes
sional fighter, having fought 41 ring
battles, 38 of which were victories
.nd thrte were draws.
Gale Seaman, the next speaker of
the evening, is the student secretary
of the interstate committee of the
Y. M. C. A. He talked on the "Chal
lenge to Service," and brought out
the point that service rendered gives
a greater inner satisfaction than ser
vice erceived.
Governor Campbell, who was to ad
dress the conference on Saturday
evening, was unable to attend, as he
was called to San Diego several hours
earlier. Saturday evening "was given
over to a memorial service for the
b ys who fell overseas. Special mu
sic for the occasion was rendered by
the- Indian school band. At this ses
sion E. C. Wade, Jr., of El Paso,, was
the main speaker. Mr. Wade has
traveled around the world as a "Y"
secretary and talked of his experi
ences in Macedonia. China and Japan
with the English troops.
The ruccei s of the conference was
due to the great amount of thought
time mit into it by H. P. Demand,
interstate boys' secretary; . W.
Day, executive secretary; Roy
niL-oT.nn rfrtpra1 secretary of
Tucson Y. M. C. A.; C. E. Reaves,
boys' .secretary of the Phoenix asso
ciation, and Earl L. Mast of the Doug
las Y. M. C. A. .
So vent y-1 our boys chose the oppor
tunity to sek advice on problems
of UfeVorU, school, sex and religious
piob'.eiiis.
The boys attending the conference
were royally entertained by the peo
ple of Phoen'.x. As soon as they ar
rived they were assigned to a PTioe
nir. home, whore they received room
and breakfast. ,
Tho Eighisecing trip over the val
iev was Dostponed, as the roads were
verv muddy, so the boys were taken
tr iho fnotball game between
kinK Hrn '-vol nrfl the Indian school.
At" Ihe first business
H.
E.
the
Tips of the Town
FROM HEREFORD.
Rett Pulley, former llisbee
stable, was in town yesterday
his ranch near Hereford.
I TEACHERS' CLASS TONIGHT.
con- The teacher training class of
the
the
will
POSTMASTER SMITH HERE.
Postmaster Paul Snii:h of Tomb
stone was among the business visit
ors in Bisbee yesterday.
from Christian church will meet at
church tonight at 7 p.m. This
; mean that the prayer meeting will be
!gin at 7:30 instead of 8 p. m.
iaiiamv iminiir
vinm umuuL
COSTUMES IT
MASQUE BALL
RETURNS TO TOMBSTONE.
Fred Bennett, cattleman
BIBLE CLASS FRIDAY.
- j The Adult Bible class will hold its
j regular monthly meeting at the
i church Friday, December 5, at 7:?.0
of the ) P-m- AH members of this class are
Tombstone section, who has been vis-urPed to attend.
iting in Bisbee for the last two days, i
returned yesterday to his ranch. j TO REPORT ON LEGION HOME.
It is expected that at the meeting
OUT ON CRUTCHES. r tne American Legion Thursday
night, December 4, a report will be'
Frank Wilson,
was about town on
day greeting his friends.
th frTfir man i
crutches yester-1 . . UJ i
It Was his' i uiiik a pel uiuuriu
first dav out of bed in a month, dur- j , " a u.aurc.
ing which time he was laid up with eral BOod .1"call0ns are sa,l to be
. I unuer consideration,
rheumatism. i
WITHERALL RECOVERING.
Allen Witherall, brother-in-law of
James Kinney, who suffered a broken
leg in a runaway at his ranch in the
Sulphur Springs valley over a month
ago, is reported improving. He has
been confined to the C. and A. bos
pi :al, his limb haying been broken in
several places.
Costumes of practically every na
tionality, of both modern ar.d ancient
times, were" represented at the
masque ball which marked the open
ing of the winter social season at the
Country dub last Saturday night.
"Bootblacks" rubbed shoulders with
'army colonels"; little girls "hob
nobbed" with serene and sedate "co
lonial belles"; "ephemeral fairies" in
their glittering costumes flitted in
and out among "highwaymen," "Mex
icans," "denizens of the underworld"
and Turkish ladies, their beautiful
faces hidden behind silken veils (un
til midght) danced and talked with
SHOP RLV
1 J
ftUNT'JANL'Sj
PRESENT Must:
BE. JUST
Right. "BuV :
IT while- !
THE. CHOICE. ,
is good! ;
ONLY 18
CHANCES LEFT
Ivory Pyralin the genuine Du j
Pont's Single pieces and sets; fine j
selection. Buy early. Lowell Drug
Co. Advt.
ROUP
Spasmodic croup is
usuallv relieved with
one application of
mi.n f'F fill tl'icuia 1 Ti il iMnnH 11T1 T-H1T-i-
The I isi.ee police have been asked i ' , . .
by B. Kurrell of El Paso to institute! Assuredly it was a gala affair. No ;
a search for Howard Arnold, 19OIle was eltain UKt wIlu n,s partner j
yean, of age, with dark hair, eyes was ia !'eal iir- nnd this uncertainty. ,
and rnnmlPTinn. an,t who 1 arm,,r c coupled with the many ridiculous cos-.
feet 9 inches in height. He was last tumes, only added to the gaiety of the
heard of as employed in the mines I occasion and, when in the wee sina'
at juowell. HiH mother is nimm tf hours ot tne morning
VlCR'SW
'AP0R1IB;
vniio pnnvcUARD" - ZQf. eo.l.i
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
The Great Character
Actor
Frank Keenan
IN
The Silver Girl
9
MOTHERS' CLUB TO MEET.
The Mothers' club will meet this
afternoon in regular session at the Y.
M. C. A. Superintendent of Schools
C. F. Philbrook will be the speaker. ,
get i n touch with him, as an affidavit
Ircra him is needed before she can
get a back allotment of his soldier
pay.
CHURCH DELEGATE.
Rev. John E. Fry of the Presby-
teiian church is a delegate from -Bis-
ON JURY DUTY.
Quinn Hampston went to
stone yes.erday, having been called
to the county seat on jury duty.
(bee to the state training conference t ions.
Tomb-! of the Interchurch World Movement, one present had engaged the services
the "Home,
Sweet Home" waltz was played by the
orchestra, every one was reluctant to i
end the night's festivities.
There were no prizes offered for ;
the best costumes. Indeed it would i
have been difficult to select the
unique and most ridiculous one from
among so many perfect represen:a-
It appeared as though every
of North America,
Phoenix today. v
which opens
in j of New York's most famous costum
i ers and any attempt to select the
CONDITION UNCHANGED. ' SPENT DAY IN DOUGLAS
The condition f Mrs. McGraw, ! R. S. Hooper, manager of the furni- j
night nurse at the Copper Queen hos- ture department of the Phelps Dodge '
pital, who has been ill for several store here, spent yesterday in Doug'
days, was reported about the same las on business.
yesterday.
Dance Tonight
MRS. SALE'S
ACADEMY
Lucky Spot Dances
JAZZ MUSIC
Gents, $1 Ladies Free
A clean-cut story of the
West
GAUMONT'S
Express Graphic
The STRAND Comedy
"Jimmie's Dog
Gun Luck"
If I ' - - . , ... - w. f
EAGLE I
TODAY 1 TO 11 l
The VITAGRAPH Star
HARRY MOREY
IN-
"The Darkest
Hour"
Famous Wolf ville Tales
"Toad Allen's
Elopement
5
LYONS and MORAN
IN
The Tea Hounds'
i
TO BE BURIED HERE.
The body of Pete Jovanovich, who
was killed in a motor truck accident
in Lindsay, Calif., is expected to ar
rive here today for interment. He
was a brother of Councilman Lee Jo
vanovich of this city and several
other brothers reside in Bisbee.
ATTORNEY VISITS.
! Attorney W. G. Gilmore, of Tomb
stone, was among the . business visit
ors in Bisbee yesterday.
TO PHOENIX.
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe left last night on
the Golden State Limited on a busi
ness trip to Phoenix.
RETURNS TO CANANEA..
Miss Vida King has returned to
her home in Cananea, Sonora, after a
visit of several days with friends in
this city.
RETURNS TO TUCSON.
.Mrs. TJavld Pierce, who
mis oeen
visiting her mother, Mrs. William
Murray, of Warren, returns today to
! rvLPLrn
LAfM'iQ; UK i
the
BIRTHDAY PARTY.
Elizabeth Lucille, eight-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Moss,
of Lowell, entertained a number of
her little friends on the occasion of
her birthday anniversary yesterday.
RECOVERING FROM ILLNESS.
Mrs. Bazil Grooms, who has been ill
at the Copper Queen hospital, is re
ported to be recovering rapidly.
BACK TO OLD PUEBLO.
Earl Mohan, who has been here ar
ranging for future boxing matches, re
turned yesterday to Tucson. He says
he will bring 30 fans from the Old Pu-
meeting of i eblo to the boxing bouts here Decem-
M i T I , w nf ii . -
the conference lownseuu "-urrii.
Douglas was elected president, while j
several minor officers were chosen ; CHORAL CLUB MEETING,
from among the boys of the different J There will be a meeting of the
townB. j Choral club at the Y. W. C. A. tonight
Tjhe Bisbee delegates were Earl j t0 wh5Ch an members of the organiza
Reagan, representing the Christian j tion are urge(j to attend. Due to the
Munch- Jack Waterson. representing holidays, there was no meeting last
onrl
CW1U
the
the Boy Scouts; Eddie utemeni
Mnvinn Hascall. representing
V. V. V. club, unZ A:tl'..r Ojeda, rep
resenting the Hi-Y club.
Hi-Y pioblems were brought up
durln? Saturday morning's session
and the members from the several
deletions told what their respective
ilv.bs were doing.
It was decided to organize a state
Hl-Y club to link the separate clubs
of the state more closely together.
The delegations from several towns
uhir-Vi did not have ciuus
their desire to organize one
nnnl.l receive assistance
clubs already staited.
At the final meeting ot the confer
ence Harry Rinimer talked on "En
listing in Service." le talked on the
tw.rpi.sitv of leading a clean life and
brought out the point that the help
of God was absolutely essential to
keep on the straight and narrow
path. ;
llALGICPAlNS:
Civ Way
week and tonight's sesison is of spe
cial importance.
r
it
from
they
the
to Soothlr.g
Wizard Oil
Hamlin's
Ilnn-.lin's Wizard Oil ia a safe and
effective treatment for headache ar.d
neuralgia. Rubbed in where the oain
is, it acts as a tonic to the tortured
nerves and almost invariably brings
quick relief.
Its healing, antiseptic qualities can
always be relied uoon to prevent in
fection, or othei serious results, from j
sprains, bruises, cuts, burns, bites
and sting3. Just as pood, too. for
sore feet, still neck, frost bites, celd
sores ar.d canker sores.
Get it from dr'isrsjic.ts for 30 cents.
If not satisfied rc-t;;rn th bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated cr havo sick
headache? lust try Wizard Liver
Whius. pleasant little pink pill-?, 30
Vim;. Guaranteed.
LYMIC
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to 11
WITH
WILLIAM DESMOND
IN
"FIGHTING BACK "
Can the "Right Woman" reform
the. "Right Map?" Can she take
a mm who has degenerated into
a mere shadow of himself and
make htm a New? This Ques
tion is answered in the 'Fight
ing Back" Play.
OUR NEW SERIAL
Gabriel D'Annunzio
The Famous Italian Poet
"THE LIBERATOR''
The most Fascinating Serial of
the Ago. In 12 Episodes.'
AND A COMEDY
"Fatty ths Bolshevik"
WITH
i prize winners would nave lert douut
i eve n in the minds of the judges.
Mr. and Mi's. Philip Wilson led the
grand march. Mrs. Wilson wore a 1
Turkish costume which she late
changed for one of a pirate. Her
husband looked and played the part
of a French artist.
Among those in costumes were:
Mr. John Dyrr.ock, Pierot;. Mrs. John
Dymock, Turkish lady; Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Wheeler, French artists; Miss
Jane Irving, queen of hearts; Miss
Margaret Irving, colonial belle; -Mrs.
Joe Irving, coloflial belle; Mrs. E. E.
Whiieley, Turkish lady; Mr. E. E.
Whitney, Pierot; Mr. George Powell,
country rube; Mrs. George Powell,
"follies girl"': Miss Geraude Sher
man, "Prunella"; Mr. McKinney, con,- j
vict; Mr. Claude Compter., farmer; j
Mrs. Claude Compton, farmerette;
Mr. George Draper, Chines Manda- j
rian: Mr. C.''-F. Willis, scarecrow;
Mrs. C. F. Willis, Yama, Yaraa; Mr.
i Fred Juleff, Yama Yama; Mrs. Fred
! Juleff, Arizona Indian; Mr. Hugh Gal
lagher, Yama Yama; Mrs. Hugh Gal
lagher, Yama Yama; Mr. Sanford,
clown; Mrs. Sanford, Japanese lady;
Mr. Ross Moon, Yama Yama; Mrs.
Ross Moon, little girl; Mr. John
Treau, Santa Claus; Mrs. John Treau,
Christmas fairy; Miss Helen Treau,
little girl; Mr. Clark, tennis player;
Mr. Cromwell, cap and govn; Mrs.
Cromwell, school girt; Mr. Roger Pel
ton, Yama Yama; Mis. Roger Pel:on,
"Thanksgiving"; Mijs Britt, "Thanks
giving"; Mr. Howard Sterling, Mexi
can cowboy; Mis. Howard Sterhng,
"music"; Mrs. Smart, Turkish cos
tume; Mr. Stuart, Yama Yama; Mrs.
E. J. Flannigan, tennis girl; Dr. Fitz
gerald. Yama Yama; Mrs. Fitzgerald,
lit tie girl; Miss Fitzgerald, Chinese i
lady; Mr. Wallie Schwartz, George j
Washington; Mrs. Wallie Schwartz, j
Yama Yama; Mrs. John Rawlings, j
America; Miss Mary Butler, "Tana
lac"; Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Smith,
Yama Yama; Mr. Paul Buck waiter, U.
S. army officer; Mrs. Paul Buckwal-tcr-
littio triH- Mr T'hilin Yard, darkv
C lflQP VpFflp TVTl HPS' bootblack; the Misses Jennie Cowan.
V,lUMi UUt l?llllCAUce Cowan AUhea gaelid and
- , , i Gladys Sisk, "Tough
inat a snortage oi coai !, ley Yanla Yama;
in me closing uov.ii tu .. u.h .......... watkins. toreador:
I tion plant of the United Verde Lxten- i Mr na.
, ion. is the statement credited to " toreador: 11. A. y. Y.m.
passed "through Doug-j Yama; Mrs. D. A. Presley, Geisha
his way back to;6"'. . T . f ' rL " .
jarea rayior, ltose ; Misa rranu-a
Juleff. Yama Yama; Mrs. Ivan Bur-
Oral examinations for miners who
completed the last practical mining
course conducted in this city by Ihe
Phelps-Dodge corporation ' were com
pleted last evening with the exam
ing of tour applicants for certifi
cates. A total of 63 miners took the
oral examinations.
Interest now centers in the written
examinations, which will be the last
given before the issuance of certifi
cates to thoi-e who pass. These ex
aminations will "be held Friday, Dec.
f-. at 1 o'clock in the afternoon and
7 o'clock in the evening, in the high
school building, so that men on both
the day and night shifts may take
them. ,
Work of correcting the examina
tion papers will then immediately be
gin by the examining board. It is
expected that correcting the papers
vill require about one week, after
which the results will be announced.
Coal Shortage May
Girls"; E. Hat-:
Miss Gene Quinn,
completed
closed down
J. S. Douglas,
poration, who
las yesterday on his way
Jerome. Unless the United Verde
utxova t nam 071011111 fOl !
COIIiy.uijr v..-... o-- , .! IVQn Hur.
0,0.1,11c. tnr hnrnir.tr oil are ! 5". Lu'u""" .
until piW"""- ....... ...o --- -- , r,min. rr Pnnnnvor Turk
the big plant will pe,t"' w. -
and thus throw several;
hund-ed men out of work. r " " "' - -
The coal for the plant has ben j Cards. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
coming from Gallup, N. M.. and noj
coal is being mined in tne uanup;
district now and none is being re
ceived at Jerome. Mr. Douglas said;
that the s.uppiy on hand would only
suffice to keep the plant running ;
for tho remainder of thiB week. 1
Mr.- Douglas lert for Jerome last
right. ' ' . ' ' 5 'i
Dolls and Kewpies buy early.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Why not have a Navajo rug? Don't
say, "too high" till you see our line.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
THE EPISCOPAL
LADIES WILL
hold "a sale of Fancy
Work and Home-Cooked
Foods at the Moose
Home on Main St., Sat
urday, Dec. 6th, from 9
a. m. till 6 p. m.
ROSCCE ARBUCKLE
GRAND Theatre, Monday, Dec. 8
JOHN E. KELLERD
. In Shakespeare's Masterpiece
"H A M L E T"
Company of Twenty-five Players
PRICES - 50c to $2.00
mm k'4m J -
coif
IIS il.
rmmiea my I lovely
vhile lie jhaved
HI
IN Kis diary, Sir Walter Scott reveals that his
best thoughts came to him during the sh avmg
nour,justarterne awoke, riven in ins greatest
prosperity, the famous author of "Marmion"
always performed this homely task himself, considering
it a "hardy and independent personal habit.
And this lovable, simple country gentleman uted a razor vvhich justly
rewarded his skill that old time model whose perfect balance makes
It, seem part of your own hand a long, keen blade that can Hi on
your cheek at only one the right shaving angle. All that Scott's
fine old razor needed to make it a perfect shaving tool was the
double-edged, guarded, detachable blade of the
A Real Rajof made Safe
fJiii?i c
Lay this real-razor-made-safe against
your cheek. It feels as comforting and
shears smoothly as the old-time
Wlade only it mn'l cut your face.
Aad because it has two edges, it
naturally Jrables your blade mileage.
In addition it has the longest, strong
est, keenest, iest-temperei blade on
BISBEE DRUG COMPANY
CENTRAL PHARMACY
J. M.; BALL.
PHELPS DODGE
Hardware Department
If you are a Durham Duplex
the above list in subsequent
to this newspaper and write
dow display.
ilr1 .i
! ? Wr ; ;
earth a blade that you can instantly
detach and strop or hone and so save
money. Thesevital improvements on
what hitherto has been the best of all
razors have led seven million men to
change to the Durham-Duplex, a real
razor made safe. Why not have these
extra conccniences for yourself today?
THESE LEADING DEALERS SELL THEM
WOOTON'S HARDWARE STORE
Out of Town Dealers:
LOWELL DRUG CO, LOWELL
WARREN DRUG CO, WARREN
dealer and wish to have your name addled to
advertisements, send your name and address
the Durham Duplex Razor Co. for a free wia-
ONE DOLLAR COMPLETE
Greatest Shaving Mileage at Any Price
This set contains a Durham-Duplex Razor with an attract
iva white handle, safety guard, stropping attachment and
package of 3 Durham-Duplex double edged blades (6 (.hav
ing edges) all in a handsome leather kit. Get it from your
dealer or from us direct.
Additional blades 50 cents for
a package of 5
DURHAM-DUPLEX RAZOR CO.
190 BALDWIN AVENUE, JERSEY CITY, N. J.
FRANCS
A. Ploeo & C Andre
56 Rue e Paradia, Pari
CANADA
50 Pearl Street
Toronto
ENGLAND
27 Church St.
Sheffield