'J
I j r
r- A
M M J
WEATHER
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much change
In temperature.
- i
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 207.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
i
GOVERNMENT
ST -BERLIN
IS HOLDING
SPARTACANS
ROUGH RIDER HERO BURIED
WITH SIMPLE. CEREMONIES
IN OYSTER RAY CEMETERY
in-
Sharp Fighting in Streets Ends
and Chancellor 'a Palace An
nounces That the Situation
Has Been Fully Controlled
Opposition Carries White Flag!
to Headquarters, Demand
ing Surrender ; Many Killed
in Subsequent Sharp Battle
BERLIN, Monday, Jan. 6, 10 p. m.,
(By the Associated Press.) 'The gov
ernment feels tonight that It has the
situation firmly in hand," was the
statement made to the correspondent
at 9 o'clock tonight at the chancel
lor's palace where the members of
the government have been in session
throughout the day. Most tense ex
citement marked the day which ended
in short but sharp fighting in front
cf the palace shortly after 5 o'clock.
The Spartacans approached the gov
ernment troops guarding the palace,
carrying a white flag, announced that
the palace was surrounded and de
manded its surrender. The demand I
was refused. The Spartacans then j
opened fire, killing three government i
soldiers and wounding several. The
fire was returned and 20 of the Lieu- j
knecht followers were killed and a
large number wounded. The Sparta-j
cans made several minor attempts
within the next hour to approach the
palace, but were driven off.
Some fitting occurred at other
point, but so far as can be learned
there were only a few victims. One
clash came when the Spartacans at
tempted to f-torin the new central
league station in the Orauienburger
trasse. The government soldiers in
the building used hand granades and
the radicals were driven away.
(Hy Review leased Wlrej
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Jan. 8. Theo
dore Roosevelt lies at rest tonight be
neath a cemetery knoll near the ramb
ling rural highway along which he
traveled so many times in boyhood
and in manhood between the Saga
more Hill house which was his home
and the quiel village of Oyster Bay.
Perhaps no other former president
of the United States has been paid the
tribute of so simple a funeral as the
one which was given Colonei Roose
velt this afternoon on the shore of
Long Island sound. Military and na
val honors were not his in death, only
because it had been bis wish, and that
of his family, that the last rites be
surrounded only with the simple dig
nity that might attend the passing of
a private citizen.
Many Pay Tribute
But the American nation, and for
eign governments as well, sent repre
sentatives, as did the state and the
city in which he was born. These
noted men sat sorrowfully in the pews
of the little red-gabled Christ Episco
pal church, while brief services of
prayer and scripture readings were
held without a eulogy in which so
much might have been said. There
was no singing or organ playing.
It was noon hen, at the Sagamore
Hill homstead, all of Colonel Roose
velt's family except two of the sons,
Lt. Col. Theodore Roosevelt, jr., and
Lt. Kermit Roosevelt, who are sol
diers in Europe, assembled for a few
moments of private prayer at the side
of the coffin in which lay the body.
j Draped over the coffin were battle
Kags under which the colonel fought
4
r
is
- VAVL
Theodore Roosevelt.
as a Rough Rider on Cuban soil more
than 20 years ago. Rev. Dr. George
1 to the church or to the grave in
Young's Memorial cemetery. At the
Sagamore HIJ1 service only members
i of the immediate Roosevelt family
were present.
Body Taken From House
The body was then taken from the
famous room of trophies which Col
onel Roosevelt had assembled from
all quarters of the globe and was
carried from Sagamore Hill on its
final journey. Snow had come at
dawn and had been falling steadily
until the countryside was white, but
the sun broke through the leaden
clouds as the hearse left the Roosevelt
estate and passed into the bignway
leading to Christ church.
Between hedges touched with melt
ing flakes and under bare winter
boughs which cast 'shadows upon the
bushes of red berries lining the road
side, the procession moved slowly,
headed by mounted policemen who
were the colonel's friends in life and
who had been sent by the city of New
York to act us a guard of honor.
Around the shore of a pond-like in
let of Oyster Bay and over a small
hill the cortege moved to reach the
church, a green frame structure with
lw roof surmounted by a steeple in
j which was the bell which soon was to
toll the passing of the nation's tweniy
I sixth president.
I Townspeople Gather
Here standing on the slippery hit
FEDERAL CMTj
PMHHPTC nun
uimwo 1 1 V Li
CONSPIRACY
TO HALT DRAFT
Victor L. Berger and Four
Other Socialists Face Long
Terms in Government Pris
on; Appeal to Higher Court
DISTILLERS
ORGANIZE
FORCES
riy Review leaned Wire)
CfllCAGO. Jn. S. While repre
sentatives of the distillers of the
country were ciganizing here to
day for a finish fi;;ht against ami
liquor' before the highest court in
the land. Maine, Tennessee and
Idaho joined the movement for na
tional prohibition by ratifying the
proposed constitutional amend
ment. Twenty-two states now
have ratified the amendment.
. Thirty-six states are required.
In addition to final action in
the three states named, the Illi
nois and West Virginia senates
voted for ratification.
Wisconsin. Minnesota, Iowa
Missouri and other western state
legislatures soon are to act on the
amendment.
'EACE PLANS
TAKING FORM
(By Review Leased WlrV !
CHICAGO. Jan. 8. Five leaders of I
the socialist party were found guilty
by a jury after five hours and fifty
minutes' deliberation in Federal Judge
Landis' court today of conspiracy to
violate the espionage law by deliver
ing public speeches and circulating
published articles with the wilful in
tent of causing insubordination., dis
lo;.alty and refusal of duty among the
military and naval forces of the
United States and with interfering
with the recruiting service and the
enforcement of the selective draft
law.
The men found guilty are: .
Victor L. Berger, congressman-elect
E. Talmage, rector of Christ churcri, , " ,h i ' r.m llwa.uke? and pdltor r ttie
IH fh nnmfnrtine words which were - . .MHWaUKee Leadei.
------- - i rr t n ik fifk rna a n o i r n :ra utam i- o i r
the final ones spoken for the colonel I . tft-.aTOOnIp 'Rp ' B fi. ,h
in the presence of Mrs. Roosevelt
for she did not accompany the cortege J
(Continued on page Two)
SITUATION SERIOUS
I'v Hi-vw LeasMl Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. S. Meager ad
vices resarding the riots in Berlin
reached the state department today.
They gave no details, but pictured the
situation as serious.
The war department had no advices
from Brigadied General Harries and
other army officers in Berlin in con
nection with the execution of the arm
istice terms and neither department
had anything to confirm an unofficial
report which was brought to their at
tention that eGneral Harries had
raised the American flag over me no
te! where he was stopping and later
had lowered it because of threats from
mobs. '
ARIZONA
HONOR ROOSEVELT
BY HALTING WORK
nranroc objector risks
muyjlmLiFE to rescue
WOUNDED YANKS
(Review Phoenix fiurenu)
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Jan. 8. State,
county and city offices in this valley
were- closed in honor and tribute to
foimer President Theodore Roosevelt
this afternoon. The assessors' confer
ence adjourned at noon for the bal
ance of the day, and an flags were
ordered at half-staff for 30 days on
all state buildings by Governor T. E.
Campbell.
Governor Campbell announced the
appointment of Andrew Kimball of
Thatcher and W. J. Robinson of
Chandler as members of the commis
sion of agriculture and horticulture
before closing the offices at the state
bouse at noon. On the commission to
compile tvnd revise tne state school
laws be named J. D. Loper of Phoenix,
W. L. Litville of Kingman and C. F.
Philbrook of Bisbee.
Miss Anita Post of Tucson was
chosea here today by the Arizona
Federation of Women's duos for the
overseas contingent to aid in recon
struction work.
Laura Forman, a gin who figured
recently in the escape of two con
victs from Florence and their wild
escapades throughout the state, was
taken to tte industrial school at Fort
Grant today.
The Phoenix high school was closed
today because of the prevalence of
influenza, which shows .no improve
ment, and the churches of the county
decided to hold no services until con-
APPEAL TO PEOPLE
(Bv Heview Leased WireJ
LONDON, Jan. 8, (British Wireless
Service.) Chancellor Ebert and
Philipp Scheidemann, the majority I
leader, are endeavoring to persuade
the people of Berlin to stand by the j
present government. Addressing large !
crowds before the chancellor's palace! .
,,.... . ... ... ditions improve.
, " C. E. Adams, vice-chairman of the
poacy and rascally behavior" of the , , ' ,. ' y , ' , ' '
Spartacans and promised to meet the ! "at.e. cun.ci' f dee"Se' today hand"
danger with firm determination. j 1 his resignation to Governor Camp
Herr Ebert said the government b""- was accepted.
was determined to maintain security, !
freedom and right and would stand or :
fall by the national assembly, which j
was the way to freedom and a happy
fjture for Ueimany. i
Scheidemann said:
NEWSPAPERMAN DIES.
(Fly RkfVlew Leased Wir)
NEW YORK. Jan. 8. Samuel W.
j'Meek, assistant treasurer of the New
(By Review Leased TVIreJ
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Though
under sentence of death for deserting
in the face of the enemy to escape
combatant service, Richard L. Stier
hein, a private of the 315th infantry,
79th division, and a conscientious ob
jector, deliberately risked his life to
rescue wounded soldiers under fire
in the fighting in the Verdun region
shortly before the armistice was
signed. A review? of Privat Stier-
SENATE PLANS TO
BLOCK PRESIDENT
i
Adolph Germer, national secretary
of the socialist party.
J. I X) u is Engdahl, editor of the
American Socialist, official publica
tion of the socialist party.
William F. Kruse, national secre
tary of the Young People's Socialist
leu cue.
Writer and Lecturer.
Rev. Irwin St. John Tucker, social-
tar U'l-itAi 'infl larrnrap frrmaw Airaf-
tor of the literature department 0tie toda' bv tl" federal
the socialist party and author of "Thei "
TRANSITION FROM
TO PEACE IS
IS LEADERS
PREPARE FOR
CONFERENCE
AR
HO
T
FRITIO
Federal Reserve Board's Sum'
mary of Business Condi
tions for Current Period
Shows Copper Is Effected
- (By Review Leased Wtrs)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8 Transition
of the country from a war to a peace
basis has proceeded thus far with
considerable smoothness and with de
cided lack of friction, says a general
summary of business conditions
reserve
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Legislation
to prevent President Wilson from
turning lailroads back to private mau-
hein's record with a report of-General j ftgement in the immediate future will j new trmi
Penning disapproving tne deatn sen- "c """"'"' us":m so. u whs
saia toaay, alter interstate commerce
tence and directing that he be re
turned to duty for combatant service,
was made public today by the war de
partment. Stierhein, according to his testi
mony at a court martial, sought to be
classed as a conscientious objector
when drafted, but his claim was re
fused. After reaching France he de
serted with the intention of making
his way to Spain and there being in
terned. He was apprehended and
senteuced to be shot.
Pending final approval of the sen
tence, Stierhein was returned to his
compauy as a prisoner and was held
in the rear of his company on No
vember 3 when the 79th division went
into action in the Verdun region.
When the wounded began coming in
he volunteered as a litter bearer and
the record shows that from Novem
ber 3 until the lighting stopped No
vember 11, he risked his life time and
again to save wounded men and to
carry water to tne-wounded and dying
on the battlefield.
On the night of November 3, the re
port shows, he carried back to safety,
unassisted, three wounded comrades
through shell and machine gun fire.
M'NARY BUYS BANK
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
EAST LAS VEGAS, N. M., Jan. 8
James G. McNary, president of the
First National bank of El Paso, and
Stephen B. Davis of this city, have
purchased from Jefferson Raynolds
and sons the control of the First Na-
Commissioner Clark had told the sen
ate interstate commerce committee
that most of the commission believed
the president should be deprived of
this power.
Senator Cummins of Iowa declared
a resolution taking from the presi
dent authority to return the roads at
will would be presented to congress
shortly, us a means of insuring that
congress will have time to consider
suituble railroad legislation until the
lilies are returned to private manage
ment. Two Dissent.
This might be accomplished by
amending the railroad control act.'
Interstate Commerce Commissioners
C. C. JlcChord and Robert W. Wooley
dissent from the opinion expressed by
Commissioner Clark in regard to de
priving the president of his discre
tionary authority it was stated. In
the course of his testimony today, Mr.
Clark also expressed the opinion that
private railroad operation is more
efficient and economical than gov
ernment management.
Price We Pay," "Why We Should
Price We Pay," and "Why Should We
Fight," and other anti-war pamphlets.
The convicted men face prison
terms of irom one to twenty years, a
tine of from $1 'to $10,000, or both,
at the discretion of the trial judge,
who will fix the punishment later.
Attorneys for the defendants im-
, mediately presented a motion for a
Judge Landis fixed Janu
ary 23 as the date when he will hear
arguments on this motion. The five
defendants were taken into custody in
the courtroom., but a few minutes later
released on their old bonds of $10,000
each. Seymour Stedman, chief coun
sel for the defendants, declared that
the case will be appealed to the United
Such slackening of business as has
occurred was described as due to con
servatism. Thus far the process of
readjusting labor i3 said to have
caused little inconvenience since
labor set free from war industries has
been absorbed by general business.
Wages have not been reduced and in
some cases have been increased.
! Agriculture was reported in an excep
tionally promising condition. Tht
farmer was said to be in , "the best
financial shape that has prevailed for
years." Excellent crop prospects were
reported.
Livestock Areas Prosper.
In the livestock region 'conditions
are improved" and cattle probably will
go through the season in fair condi-
Many Important Problems
Concerning Program Being
Worked Out Under Eyes of
President and Allied Heads
American Leader Acquainted
With Views of France, Eng
land and Italy, Prepared to
Meet All Questions Arising
States supreme court if necessary to'tion
keep his clients out of prison. Iron and steel are unsettled on ac-
Honor Former President. I count of the cuts that already have
The jury halted in its labors for j been made and the expected new price
five minutes at 11:45 o'clock out of j basis for them and for their deriva
respect to the memory of Theodore i lives. Orders for new business are of
Roosevelt. Out in the corridor the some assistance, but are not yet of a
defendants, their lawyers and friends ' volume to indicate that prices have
were ordered by the bailiffs to remove
their hats while the city paid its re
spect to the former president and
statesman.
With iie exception of Berger, who
appeared nervous, the defendants
listened to the reading of the verdict
without a si-n of emotion.
Berger said: "The verdict Is a sur
prise to me. I was certain that the
jury would acquit us on the case made
out by the government. I am no more
guilty of this charge than the judge
on the bench. I have been a citizen
A statement by Commissioner Mc-of thi country and stood for the
Chord placed in the record today principles for which I have been tried
sought to defend the commission j for 37 years. Now, if I am to be
against charges that its refusal to ' peisecuted for them. I shall accept
approve adequate rated had been my fate like a man."
mainly responsible for declines of
SYKES IS CONVICTED
SA FRANCISCO. Calif., Jan. 8.
! Joshua Sykes, pastor and founder of
You know what the stake is. If i York Times company, died at his
these machinations are continued our
(CnnUt.ue1 on Pace Three
home here today after a year's inter
mittent illness from colonitls. He
was born in Montrose, Ark., In 1S64.
R USSIAN COUNT FA CED DEA TH
TO SA VE EMPEROR NICHOLAS
railways credit in recent years. The
statement included tables showing
that between 18!)1 and 1917, railroads'
operatiug income had tripled, amount-i the church of the Living God, and
mg in 1917 to $1,069,000,000, while three of his ap0stles, John Ferguson,
average inceme per mile of line had! a. M na B,i u-itpr rrnhv
tional bank here. This is one of the . increased from $2056 to $4632. Divl-lfoumj guilty late today in the United
oldest and strongest banking houses ' dends on dividend-yielding stock had j states district court of violating the
in the southwest, having been founded i increased from 5.35 per cent to 6.7S esoionatie act. A third aDostlu PhiliD
per cent, and the ratio of income tOXeison wa9 acquitted. Sykes and his
cost from 3.77 to 5.27 per cent. (apostles were charged with having
Considered from th -viewpoint of i aide(j young men to evade the mili
dividend payments, net income to , tary draU and ot having advised en
asserted cost or surplus accuinula-1 emy ailpns not to register. Opposition
tions, railroads were never in solto ,he Red Cross and Liberty loan
prosperous conuition. Mr. McChord , arive3 aIs0 was charged against the
BU1U.
LONDON. Jan. 8. (British Wireless
Service.) According to a story sent
by special correspondent of the Morn
ing Post at Archangel, which it is
necessary to treat with reserve
the former emperor of Russia is still
alive. The correspondent telegraphs:
"A friend of mine, Prince M ,
who has just arrived here from Petro
grad, informed me that he had a long
talk with Grand Duke Cyril on No
vember IS. The grand duke told him
that he had just received a letter from
Grand Duchess Tatiana. daughter of
the emperor, who wrote that the em
press and her daughter were alive and
that the emperor had not been shot.
"The bolshevik! officer who was or
dered to carry out the sentence of
death, told the emperor that it was a
matter of indifference to him who was
shot. He had orders to produce a
"Count T-
, who was present at
( the conversation, offered to sacrifice
himself, saying he considered it his
in 1876. The change will take effect
January 14 at the annual meeting of
the stockholders
Mr. McNary, who is a, son-in-law of
Joseph Raynolds of Albuquerque, one
of the pioneer bankers of the south
west, will become president or the
bank, and Mr. Davis, former United
States district attorney for New Mex
ico, will be active vice-president.
OMSK GOVERNMENT WINS
, It.. Ll....i,n.i t I
um lo ,ay cown nis me ior nis sov- WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. The all
erelgn. The emperor protested ve- Russian government at Omsk has suc
hemently. but was overruled by Count c,.eded in winning to its support all
T and tne officer. The emperor tUe factions or Siberia and some of
escaped, but no one knows where he is the 8tr0nfJ organizations of Russia, ac
at the present time. cording to a dispatch from the Rus
Dr. Bnlkin has also written to his 8ian minister of foreign affairs at
sister to the effect that 'the greatest 0msk received today at the Russian
crime of the twentieth century has embassy
miscarried.'" '
FUNDS FOR SYRIAN RELIEF
I An Associated Press dispatch from ,pv Ttvtew I ci-"! n-re
j Warsaw under date of December 29 NEW YORK. Jan. 8 The com ml t
! gave Michael de Tchiatcheff. a tee for Armenian and Syrian relief
nephew of Genera! Skoropadski, as au- made public tonight a cablegram from
thority for the statement that the Herbert Hoover, head of the inter
; former Russian emperor and his en- allied food administration, declaring
tire family were still alive. Count that "there Is probably no grenter suf
Tatlchev, the emperor's former ner- ferine todav tlmn ainone the cerse-
coryse ouneis in me neaa ani a vie-. sonal military attache, was named ascuted peoples of Asia Minor." to re
tira would make identification im-: the victim who was shot instead of lleve which the committee is about tw
possible. Ithe empertr. conduct a drive for $30,000.iio.
become settled
While coal production has not re
covered the level which had been at
tained prior to November, and while
some shortage exists here and there,
the output is said to be again moving
upward, car service has improved in
certain sections and labor conditions
are reported fairly satisfactory.
Copper Shows Effects.
Production of copper and of other
metals which have been in exceptional
demand during the war already is
showing the effects of conversion of
industry to a peace basis.
Iu manufacturing, the outlook is by
no means uniform. Freight is moving
fairly well. Munition industries have
largely reduced their activity. Ma
chine tool manufacturing is demoral
ized on account of the cancellation of
government orders. Cotton and wool
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS. Jan. 8. Many important
questions concerning the arrangement
of the program for the peace confer
ence, which have been in process of
solution, probably soon will be ad
justed as a result of President Wil
son's return to Paris. The president
now has personal knowledge of the
views of some of the premiers on
these subjects and he had supple
mented it by his observations during
his trip to Italy.
The president during his trip to
England and Italy kept in close touch
with the members of the American
peace delegation in Paris and it is
evident from the expressions of ofri-
ciaUhat the settlement of various
matters will progress more rapidly
from now on.
Program Progresses
The presidents informal talk with
Colonel House Tuesday night dealt
with the attitude of Premier Cleoi-
enceau and Lord Robert Cecil regard
ing a league of nations. The confer
ence gave the president fresh in
formation concerning their views and
today Colonel House and Secretary
Lansing conferred with Lord Robert,
who is the British authority on a
league of nations. So it may be re
garded as certain that the program
is making progress and that in a few
days matters will be in shape for the
first steps of the conference.
In fact, it is admitted that the first
meetinss between President Wilson
and his aides and the entente powers
may occur at the end of this week.
These conferences will be informal
and will carry forward, in a sipirit
of accommodation, the discussions
which have taken place during the
president's absence between officials
( of the various delegations and also
; between various groups. .
Clear Ground for Work. '
, The meetings are expected to de-
velop great Importance later, but at
j present it may be said results of
, value have been reached and that
the ground has been cleared for the
beginning of the actual negotiations.
The impending informal meetings
between President Wilson and the
entente premiers wil deal with sub
jects of fundamental importance. It
will be for these officials to arrange
the program which will eovern th
mills have been running full, but the , peace congress itself, subject to ap
end of unfilled orders is approaching j proval when all the delegates form allv
and little new business is eing placed, j gather. The Japanese delegates
Shoe manufacturing is less active. already here have been participating
There has been an Increase in re-, in some phases of the discussions De
tail trade, due tothe holiday season ! tween the groups. It is assumed that
and in consequence of relaxation of) they have been consulted in the prep
economies due to the war. At somei aration of the program and that they
points the report says, there would; have outlined the treatment of cer-
(OontlmleJ on P:ir TwoV
(Continued on Pa Two)
defendants.
The tent church maintained by
WORK IN HARMONY. ! Sykes at Berkeley. Calif , was destroy-
uiy Review i.eas-,1 wire-) ed by fire last fall by a mob after
CHICAGO, Jan. 8. Railroad secur-j Sykes and his assistants had been
ity holders and shippers are working ; ducked in a baptismal font. The con
in harmony on a plan for the return j victed men will be sentenced Satur-
of the railroads to private ownership, , day,
lt was salj today, in connection with
the visit here of N. Davles Warfleld,
president of the National Association
of Owners of Railroad Securities, who
conferred with officials of the Na
tional Industrial Traffic league.
RAILROAD LOSS IN 1918
iU fr.-v,w l.fHHeJ VVIl.-l
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8 Railroad
earnings under government operation
during the calendar year 1918 will fall
short alcuit $196,000,000 of the stand
ard return which the government
I. W. W. PLANT NOXIOUS WEEDS.
SARCAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 8. In
dustrial Workers of the World had
been advised to plant noxious weeds
In California fields. W. Dennis, for
merly a member of the organization,
now manager of a manufacturing plant
EXPANDED CURRENCY VALUES
TO BLAME FOR HIGH PRICES
r- Review I.e.ise,) wire Summing up his observations, Sen-
PARIS. Jan. 8. United States Sen-' ator Owen said:
ator Robert L, Owen of Oklahoma.! "The nigh prices In Great Britain
after conferring with authorities here , ?nt! Francf are due not alone to bih
. j , , . . , . ' freight and short supplies, but in part
and In London, takes the view that ,0 ,be Kreatly elpanded cur-ncy.
the high prices prevailing in Europe which mhile nominally on a gold basis.
I and America are due in part to ex-, is in reality based on governmental
i panded foreign paper currency, and credit and patriotism, while British
that American reserve banks or for- and French notes not really available
I eign reserve banks analogous to the to get gold. Consequently American
i American system would be highly ad- dollars, exchangeable in America for
vantageous in making the American gold, are buying in Great Britain and
at Berkeley. Cal.. testified today as a ...i.-w.a, i.m- r ..c ,k,t currency noi .nuauj
witness for the prosecution at the ?' cotlt09 hs expanding Amer- controvertible Into gold on demand
trial of 46 Industrial Workers and ' ,ca" '"'""f-6 a,broad , n ?nJ w,n a Purchasing power much
others charged with acts of sabotage London, senator Owen lower than In normal times,
throughout the west conferred with Sir Brien Coksyne, "In the meantime, however. Amer-
This practice was suggested. Dennis ' overnor of,ne of E"Ind. for- leans are paying about twice as much
must nav the roads. This revised u . mnn. in offot th nroru. 1 ""- ' i. summer, una .ur.u.i in,jnin utoi cniam ma
estimate wns submitted by Director
General McAdoo to Senator Smith,
chairman cf the interstate commerce
(Continued on Tuge Thres)
Hon of -Blackle" Ford and H. D.
leading officials of the English treas- France as in normal times. This will
11 rm IT a m K.rt . U .i V I I .11 A At 1 1
S,.hr , hnrBe.l In 1 1 I wit h t he n.unier . ' .-"""'"" " " ue.p 10 uju m DBinnc- 01 iran
- nutrirr Aiinmev ! T M.nweii nt ,h0 f'nan',"a' Mviser of the American and falls largely upon Americans trav-
" Hnltifffttna ami
(CtivHnued on Pe T1irei
delegates and with Colonel House. ; cling In
Henry White and others there."
Europe and buying goods TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
GENERAL BELL IS
DEAD IN NEW YORK
(l!v Keview Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. 8. Maj. Gen. J.
Franklin Hell, commander of the de
partment of the east died at the Pres
byterian hospital in this city.
His death was due to heart disease.
He was taken to the hospital three
days ago lor observation., but it was
not realized that his condition was
serious an J his death came as a com
plete surprise. Qeneral Bell was 63
years old.
General Bell was a West Pointer
of the class of 1878 and during his 40
years in the army had many difficult
assignments. As a lieutenant he par
ticipated ill some of the hardest fight
ing in the Indian campaigns. He was
a first lieutenant in the Seventh cav
alry when part of that famous regi
ment fought the battle of Wounded
Knee in December, 1S30.
On Duty in Philippines.
At the beginning of the Spanish
war Bell was promoted to the rank of
major. He sailed from San Francisco
for Manila on June 15, 1S98, and took
a prominent part in the Philippines
campaign. One of his exploits was to
swim out into the harbor and around
the Spanish fortifications to get in
formation which could be obtained in
no other way.
Subsequently, as the colonel in
command of the Thirty-sixth United
States volunteers. General Bell par
ticipated in the Luzou campaign and
was awarded the congressional medal
of honor for gallantry in ttye opera
tions against the Filipinos, and was
promoted to brigadier general of vol
unteers. When the regular army was reor
ganized in 1901, Bell was made a
brigadier of regiments, jumping over
584 captains. 177 majors, 9S lieuten
ant colonels and 77 colonels. He was
selected in 19'.'3 to re-establish Jhe
army schools at Fort Leavenworth.
The infantry, cavalry, signal and staff
colleges at Leavenworth will stand as
monuments to him.
Becomes Chief of Staff.
In April, 1906. he was named chief
of staff of the army, after being pro
moted to major general and served in
that capacity until he was succeeded
in April, 1910, by Maj. Gen. Leonard
Wood, whom he followed in command
of the department of the east with
headquarters at Governor's island.
Upon his retirement as chief ol
staff General Bell went to the Philip
pines as commander-in-chief, remain
ing there until April, 1914. After his
return to the United States in that
year he held some of the most Im
portant posts in the service, includ
ing that of commander of the depart
ment of the west with headquarters
at San Francisco. He left there to
come to Governor's island in March,
1917.
General Bell had served only three
months as commander of the depart
ment when he was assigned to take
command of the Seventy-seventh na
tional army division at Camp Upton.
He was ordered to France in Decem
ber of that year for observation and
remained abroad three months.
Although General Bell trained the
Seventy-seventh he was not permit
ted to lead it to France, fof the medi
cal board which examined him found
his physical condition such that he
was not fitted for active service in
the field and he was relieved of the
command in May of last year. He re
mained at Camp Upton for some time,
however, and then was reappointed to
take command of the eastern department.
ROUGH RIDER HERO
IS LAID TO REST
IN OLD HOME TOWN
tnilinued from Pago One)
limited seating capacity of Christ
church these villagers to horn the
colonel had long been friend and
neighbor had not found admittance.
They uncovered their heads as the
coffin was borne into the church and
waited outside until the services were
over and the procession started for
the cemetery.
The sun had passed the meridian
and the stained glass windows caught
and held its rays as the casket wag
carried up the aisle and placed close
to the altar.
In the nev r were men who are
among the loreniost of the country's
citizens. Vice-Pres. Thomas II. Mar
shall, represented President Wilson.
Gen. Peyton C. March, chief of staff
of the army, and Admiral C. McR.
Winslow represented the military and
naval services, and Secretary Lane
the cabinet. William H. Taft. who
upon Colonel Roosevelt's death be
came the only living former president;
Charlei Evans Hughes, Klihu Hoot,
United States Senator Henry Cabot
Lodge of Massachusetts; Maj. Gen.
Leonard Wood, Vice-Admiral William
Gleaves. Henry L. Stiuisou, secretary
of war in Koosevelt's cabinet; Gov.
Alfred E. Smith cf New York. Speaker
Chump Clark and former Speaker Jo
seph G. Cannon of the house of rep
resentatives, were present to pay their
last tribute on behalf of the nation,
cungie.ss. the state and the metropolis.
The diplomatic corps at Washington
also was represented.
Many wreaths and flora! tributes for
hich there had not been room at the
Sagaiuore Hill home tilled the ihunh
witli I'litgiaiice. One which was sent
to the Itoosevelt home and then
brought to the altar was the tribute
cf President Wilson.
Dr. Talmage, with Bishop Burgcxs of
ljma Inland, seated in the sanctuary,
read the sentences. Psalms and Scrip
tural lessons which are a part of the
Protestant Episcopal funeral servies.
The former president's faorile hymn.
"How Firm t Foundation," whs recited
by tin5 feet or." ui c -imforniaii' to tlv
Kooseveit family's desire that all
music, even the organ voluntary, tie
omitted. When he came finally to the
Lord's Prayer, the congregation
joined.
The scene at the graveside was per
haps the most impressive. The plot
which Colonel Kooosevelt himself had
selected .as his burial - place is the
commanding spot in the peaceful and
picturesque cemetery. At the foot of
a slope and beyond the public high
way there is a cove while beyond lie
the waters of Long Island sound. Not
tar distant, but concealed from view
by some of the woods in which the
colonel was wont to roam, stands the
Sagamore Hill home to which his fath
er brought him when he was a small
boy. Trees stand about this knoll and
.today the winter grasses were visible
through the thinning snow.
Here stood the Roosevelt family
except the boys who are abroad, and
their mother, as the coffin, its his
toric flags now removed, was lowered
into the ground. Near at hand, look
ing on reverently, were men in public
and private lite who had been inti
mately associated with Colonel Roose
velt in affairs of state, politics, litera
ture a.id the army. Hough Rulers,
neighbors for whom Sagamore Hill
will ever be almost hallowed ground,
and children from the village school,
to which the colonel sent his own sons
and daughters. They formed a sorrow
ing circle as Dr. Talmage read the
brief commital.
Former President Taft stood quite
apart from the others in these final
momenta Mid seemed almost an isolat
ed figure. The political quarrel
which kept these two former presi
dents so long apart had long since
been healed and Mr. Taft had hurried
here from Pennsylvania to attend the
funeral. Earlier in the day, standing
outside Christ church, he had said to
interviewers:
"Colonel Roosevelt would never
have been happy to live the life of an
invalid. His passage is an interna
tional loss."
At the graveside he joined Dr. Tal
mage and the others assembled in
saying the Lord's Prayer as part of
the commital ceremony.
Tonight an honor guard of soldier
was passing back and forth near-the
grave in voluntary service.
Mr. and Mrs. Roosevelt had planned
to make a visit to the grave of Quen-
tin Roosevelt, who was killed in the
army service in France, but it was
reported here that Mrs. Roosevelt
would go to Florida before making
the overseas journey.
STRIKE THREATENS
TO TIE UP
HARBOR
Hy Review I., used Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. S A strike
which it is asserted will virtually tie
up all traffic in New' York harbor, ex
cept government tugs and ferriera
managed with soldiers and sailors,
was called tonight by the Marine
Workers' affiliation for 6 o'ciock to
morrow morning. The strike vote was
taken after the war labor board an
nounced its inability to effect a set
telment with the boat owners' associ
ation and placed all the blame on the
shoulders of the employers.
The strike was called because pri
vate boat owners refused to submit
the question of an eigth hour day to
arbitration by the war labor board.
In announcing the action taken,
Thcmas L. Delehanty, preisdent of
the Marine Workers' affiliation, de
clared "the strike will tie up every
ferry boat, steam lighter, towboat.
barge, deck scow and steam hoister in
the harbor" and "will automatically
throw out of work 32.04)0 longshore
men and 9000 freight handlers."
Government Boats Excepted
He declared that only boats owned
by the federal government, which car
ry the sick and wounded from trans
ports to the bast hospitals and boats
plying between Manhattan wharves
and islands on which there are hos
pitals will be exempted from the
strike order.
"If a strike occurs in New York
harbor, the burden must rest abso
lutely on those employers, private
and public, who have refused
to submit to any Zorni of arbitration
offered to them with reference to the
demands of the men," said a state-j
THE IIINDENBURC. MYSTERY LINE
0 " BERLIN ll2.) ; ;
X t TW O rkprov e vi ' '-
PEACE PLANS TAKING
FORM AS LEADERS PRE
PARE FOR SESSIONS
meut issued by Basil M. Manly, joint
chairman.
"Since the beginning of the war the
boat owners have constantly violated
the awards of a board constituted by
treir voluntary agreement, and. as
indicated in our unanimous decision
of today, they have contemptuously
refused to comply with the orders or
the national war labor hoard and the
spirit of teh porclamation of the pres
ident of the United States and have
further refused to submit to any form
of arbitration.
Boat Owners Defend Selves
"All this has neen done, noi with
standing the urgent request of the
secretary cf labor; the secretary oi
war, the secretary or the navy, and
the shipping board that this matter
be adjusted and in spite of the grave
consequences which may result from
their attitude."
After reading the statement issued
by Manly, Joseph J. Glatzmayer, pres-
I ident cf the New York Boat Owners'
' association, said:
"I have read with amazement the
statement of Joint Chairman Manly,
i For a judge to forget his judical func
j tion and indulge In private vitupera
tion of one of the parties before him
is something new in this town. I am
afraid that, with one or two more out
i pourings like this. by members of the
! national war labor board, who put par
' tisanship above property, its day will
' be numbered. Or course there is not
; a word of truth In the statement."
Meanwhile a conference as in pro
gress between re presentatives of 2000
: striking freight handlers at this port
' and railroad officials. At the close
' of the session it was announced both
sides had agreed to appear In Wash
' ington next Friday before the railroad
board of wages and conditions of fed
; eral employes.
H'untimietl from Page One)
tain issues in which they are particu
larly interested.
It has been agreed that the first
matter to be considered at the meet
ing of President Wilson and the pre
miers will be the representation to
be accorded the powers seeking par
ticipation in the peace congress. Then
must come the question of a league of
nations, which is regarded as the
foundation upon which must be erect
ed the whole structure of a perma
nent peace treaty and the adjustment
of boundaries to meet conditions after
the war. The next subject to engage
attention, as next in Importance, is
the neutralization of international
waterways, having especially in mind
the Dardanelles and perhaps the
Scheldt and the Danube littoral.
Vance McCormick. chairman of the
war trade board, and other American
experts are now on the way to Paris
and they will be called into conference
when the subjects on which they have
specialized are brought into the de
liberations of the principal delegates.
it is able to state that President Wil
son oftiLially informed Premier Clem
enceau that he does not desire to be
considered at the veace congress at
the bead of a state, but only as the
prime minister of his state.
The Temps says the United States
constitution makes the president not
only the head ol the state, but the
head of the government, and that
President Wilson will claim only the
right to the prerogatives of the last
named position at the peace conference.
GERMANS EVADE TERMS.
PARIS. Jan. 8. (Havas.) At the
last meeting of the armistice com
mission, Marshal Foch called atten
tion to the actions of the Germans,
who, he said, while evacuating Poland
and the Baltic provinces, left their
arms with the bolsheviki. thus violat
ing the conditions of the armistice.
Marshal Foch added that Germany
would be held accountable for the
damage done by the bolshevik! thus
armed.
CALL SUPREME COUNCIL.
PARIS. Jan. 8 Premier Clemen
ceau, according to the Temps, intend
ed to call a meeting of the inter
allied supreme war council tomorrow
to submit to it various subjects which
will be treated later at the peace con
ference. It is not certain that this
meeting will be held, however. The
Italian premier, Yittorio Orlando, and j
Foreign Minister Baron Sonnino arej
expected to reach Paris tomorrow '
morning and a message from the Brit-!
ish premier, David Uoyd George, isj
awaited. If he cannot reach Paris in
time, the meeting of the council will,
be postponed until his arrival.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS ; PARIS. Jan. 8 The Temps says
SEEK REPRESENTATION.
EL PASO. Tex., Jan. 8. Francisco
Leon de la Barra. provisional presi
dent following the retirement of Diaz,
will represent the various unions of
Mexicans now being organized in the
United States at the peace conference
in Paris, according to one of the lead
ers of the union movement here to
night. While Senor de la Barra is
not expected to have any official
standing at the Paris conference, he
is expected to present tne cause of
the political refugees in the United
States anl Europe to the interna
tional peaca commissioners. These
refugees are now being organized, a
union having been formed here Sun
day with 600 members. The local
leaders deny that the movement has
any political significance and say it
was started only to secure guarantees
fcr the Mexican expatriates to return
to Mexico.
TRANSITION FROM
WAR TO PEACE IS
WITHOUT FRICTION
(Continued from Fare Oi.e)
appear to be a development of ex
tra''auee. Prices, on the. whole, have shown
only slight change.
Building operations are still at a
low level, although increase is ex
pected in the near f'.iture.
WINS GRATITUDE OF
AMERICAN OFFICERS
0
r tlx W ti
3
Mrs H. II. Spender-Clay.
Mrs. II. H Sper. er-Clay. daughter
of Baron Wililim Waldorf-Astor. has
von the thanks of many U. S. army
officers. Her home in Surray, Eng
land, has been used as a convalescent
home for American officers. Mrs.
Spender-Clay worked hard helping'
to care for .the wounded men. The
home, a beautiful type of English
mansion, is known as Ford Manor.
1
Is Yomf Back
vwaw,, v55JF! $?SP3I f o
IVIEM?
Quit?
"THAT "BAD. BACK" is probably due to
weak kidneys, a trouble that of terT fol
lows grip, a cold, a fever, worry, or over
work. It shows in constant, dull, trobbing
backache, or sharp twinges when stooping
or lifting. You have headaches, too, dizzy
spells, a tired, nervous feeling and irregular
kidney action. Don't neglect it there is
danger of dropsy, gravel or Brights dis
ease! It is usually easy to correct these
early troubles, however, and avoid the more
serious ailments by giving the kidneys prompt help. Use Doan's Kidney Pills. Thousands
have saved themselves serious kidney ills by timely use of Doan's.
Read
I nese
Bisbee
Cases:
EiCeSEESDY'SSTREiinTH
Everybody loves a b-by cri
everybody wants a baby abun
dantly robust. There are many
5'oung children to whom
OPERA DRIVE
("has Rendli-maii, miner, 15S Opera Dirve. says: "Twelve
years ago my kidneys were in an awful shape. I could
hardly move, my back was so lame and stiff. My kidneys
were weak and acted irregularly. The kidney secretions
were hifhly colored and I had to get up often at night
to pass them. When I tried to bend over, sharp pains
would dart t'iroiigli my back and I would become dizzy. A
friend told me about Doan's Kidney Pills and 1 tried
them. Two bcxes of Doan's completely cured me. Since
then. I have used a few of Doan's Kidney Pills occasional'
and they have kept my kidneys well and strong.
YOUNGBLOOD HILL
Mi;. John Korpp, Voungblood Mill, says: "After 1 had
the grip lay kidneys were weak and 1 felt miserable. The
bladder liisnrder was must annoying 1 thought toy back
would m ver stop aching ai.d I felt run down and always
had a tired wcrn-out icelirg. When I stooped 1 became
dizzy ai d my Mglit va blurred. To boxes of IK.iUi's
Kidney Pills cured tin- and the cure tins laMed siii'-e
that time, lour years ;ign.
B. O. K. TRAIL
Mrs. Joe Criuhlow. 70 R O. K. Trail, says: "Doan's
Kidney Pills are the finest kidney remedy I know of ami
1 am only too glad to recommend them. Several years ago
I was feeling miserable. ith kidney trouble. 1 suffered
with awful backaches and when I tried to pick up any
thing, sharp pains would catch me in my back. Often
black sp;ts seemed to float before my eyes and my bight
blurred. I felt all run down, but Doan's Kidney Pills re
lieved me Immediately. Two Ihcs of Doan's completely
and permanently cured me."
TANK HILL
Anus iSlircve, 19 Tank Hill, says: "My kidneys weren't
acting ngularly and that annoyed me very much. There
was a dull ache in my back over my kidneys and it seemed
as though it would never let up. My hack was so sore
a-i ! b;;i!. When I bent over or tried to lift anything, sharp
paiiis would catch inc. Doan's Kidney pills soon re
Invert the pains in my buck and atU-r I had used them
a while, I was cured of all tl.c troubles."
CHIHUAHUA HILL
W. W. Gristy. retired miner. Chihuahua Hill, says:
"When a man gets to be "2 yenrs old he is very apt to
have some rouble- with his kidnejs. Several years ago
my kidneys got out of orde- :;! th mmcles of i.iy back
became lame and weak and Ir.irt n:i very time I bint
over. My kidneys became weak and iir.clhe. The k:dney
secrctiuns were highly ci !ored. 1 felr very much run
down when I began taking Ikan'.! KicI-iey Pills, but two
boxes fixed me up in good shrpe. .--tice then I hae us-d
Doan's off and on and they have kept my kidneys well
and my back strong."
BREWERY GULCH
Mrs. Philip Andreas. Poc No. M. ttrewery Culc'i. says:
"1 have used Doan's Kidney Pills i ff and on for : ev.-rl
years and they have always given me gxd results. When
ever I take cold and it settles on r.iy kidneys, my back
begins to ac'ie so. 1 can hardly do my housework. Diiy.
nt rvous spills come on and spots seem to float before my
eyes. I surely feel miserable whfii I get these stlai ks.
but Doan's Kidney Pills quickly renrnve every symptom
oi the trouble. 1 can then fio my ork and 1 tcel fine."
given in small portions c! intervals during
each da;; would be an important f actor
in overcoming malnutrition and starting
them woil cn the road to robust- ; .
kind that builJi flrcnff.'z ani
9
f J J TO
Pi!
Every Druggist has Doan's, 60c a box. Foster-Rilburn Co., Manufacturing Chemists, Buffalo, N. Y.
t
l
! THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
THREE
BRITISH TO RUSH
DISCHARGE ORDERS
(Bv Rvit-w Leased Wire!
LONDON, Jan. S. The following
Official statement was issued tonight
regarding demobilization:
'The prime minister has been giv
ing careful personal attention to the
speed at which the process of de
mobilization of the army is being
maintained. He considers that his
first duty is to make sure that the
fruits of victory which have been won
by the sacrifice of so many lives and
by eo many brave deeds are not
jeopardized by any apparent weakness
on the part of Great Britain during
the critical months of the peace ne
gotiations. "For this purpose it is imperative
that we should maintain a strong
army on the Rhine and, of course,
necessary services behind the front,
both in France and at home.
"Although, the fighting has stopped,
the war is not over. The German
armies have not yet been demobilized
and are still very powerful. No one
can tell what the Germans will do,
nor whether they will agree to the
terms of peace and reparation which
we seek to impose upon them. Im
patience now might lose in a few
weeks all it has taken years of hero
ism and sacrifice to gain.
"During the next few months we
must be strong and united in order
that a. firm settlement may be made
with, the enemy and that Our country
may exert its proper influence among
(other nations at the peace confer
ence. "Demobilization cannot be carried
out in any way that would undermine
the military strength of Great Britain
until final peace is secured. No less,
however, than 300,000 men already
have been demobilized and steps have
been taken to increase this speed as
(tioual emphasis to his statement that m tvt r11 f DA
j-ll is impossible to predicate satis-1 UfUL LI lllll Lll I AJLUL.
fat torv conclusions upon the present; nI i
, necessarily in, r,nle,e results 1010 V OUT BllllOllS
j even a single year of federal control, j
i especially unuer war conditions, aim
'said that a satisfactory showing of,
I .v, ucuhc f ..1,-,1 nlw.i-..iinn in fy l:-v!-w I-e:ised Wire)
', ', .. ,, . , r i WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Two .note
191S probably could not be made be- . .
. , . .,i. ! issues of certiticates of indebtedness,
been given by the representatives of
the allied powers that actual military
aid is to be expected.
"Reports on the food situation in Po
land are equally disturbing. While
Surveys made 'are naturally of a most
cursory nature, the final report gives
it as the opinion of the Polish officials
in Paris that there are great areas
or the country wnere nanny more
Floods in France
Hall Na vig at i o n
FEDERAL COURT
CONVICTS FIVE OF
one for $t;im.oi)'i.ono in anticipation ,.,,.,,. , ,hr f f,ui,, rn,
j of iifth Liberty loan receipts and the ' is 'available "
i other for an indefinite amount in an-1
j ticipation of t:;x collections in Jun
announced today by the treasury de-
CONSPIRACYl Partnient, raised the aggregate of cer-
i titicates outstanding, or offered to
1 approximately $4,r.no,0ou,0oo. This
represents roughly the current debt of
the government, most of which will
be refunded in Liberty bonds.
About $:!,:iOO,00(I.Onu of certificates
have been issued since the fourth Lib-
(Continii-l from Fane On )
Wheatland, Oal., and subsequently
sentenced to life imprisonment.
Testimony which the prosecution
! ,u " V, V 'V Y V , I ertv loan, including $794,000,000 of tax
turn of Theodora Poolock. one of the , m;t making alIowBBCC
freo J(.senh Hilstrom, convicted in
I'd . in Utah, of murder, was
?d vl'n J uice Frank Riidkin
i for the issue of the indefinite amount
announced today, in audition ji.zuo.-
000,(100 of certificates issued in antici-
: pation of fourth Liberty loan receipts
GOVERNMENT AT
BERLIN IS HOLDING
SPARTACAN REBELS
June
bbvfc
susuhir... ie myc..o oi .. 1 are outstanding,
lock s attorney. I
F. A. Marr. who said he bad been
employed in 1914 as investigator for
t' e E. Clemens Hirst company, own
ers of the Wheatlands hop yards,
where the riots occurred in which
Manley was killed, said he had
listened to a conversation In which
some of tne otunaants naa aiscusse I , ., arill children will be abandd
cutting euido wires that supported onea to worse famiue than during the
the hop vinos and had talked over terrible four years of the war. If you
means of destroying the kilns. Marrmcn who liave ha(1 military training
aid h,e had occupied a room at a . w!U join you get arnis We want
local hotel adjoining one occupied by for you far defense( DUt we Will not
workers of the Ford and Suhr de- be uereated by these people. Be true
fense league, and hnd often "listened : and uoid out. promise that and we
m on me conversions. ,,, ,lo dutv"
(Continued from Page One)
SEEK IMPOSTER IN ARIZONA.
POLAND SUFFERS
(P.v Kevi-w Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Stories of
terrible conditions in Poland have
I "and the social disorders consequent
a department of nVtire official "and i1 uPn bolshevism in the territory, have I eual Orozco during the Orozco revo
nthor wmnq " ' 'become secondary to the stories of ; lution of 1912, crossed the border west
Cnri (r'i.T tv.-irr: Pftro Onel
S4V FRANPlSrO. Jan. S. A spe
cial agent of the department of jus-len related to the Polish national
tice left here tonight for Noeales. ' commission at Paris by couriers from
.Ariz., in pursuit of a man known as j Poland, according to information re
K. R. Ray, who, according to federal j ceived today at the Polish bureau
authorities, has obtained money here.
m , i. - "Miii-rlor nrirl rnnino arp filHnp fhe
. ... .,, . . . 1 1 .i 11 ( ' it'll L ! V nv I -! 'resell 1 ill IT II llilbt'l 1 . . . " ' o
14r as 13 possioie, wimoui injuring ! - A: - . . la,wl " BM a Rt.ifement hv the hnreau
rit.l TiioK ,,-..i. t .i. i.i umereiu uiues iiiiu ill uuieieuii - -
or impairing the safety of our troops
in Oprmanv !
.r l - , . other Tersons.
Jveryining possioie Will De Hone ! V. - .u . l.nItilv tort,.re uhirh Bre l.einp in
to remedy individual grievances whan! " ' Saici on the people. Faced with con
presented through authorized chan- appp?.!3 for aid from the Poiish
nels, but the men who have fought ?,J V . , , , r : nonulat on in Vilna Grodno and Im
and ahoA fhmv hi.,i in IfV- Archie Roosevelt and wife. I population in una, (jroo.no ana im
ana snca tneir biooa m this ari,.' r v r iu.rr h Pniuh mititarv nwm.nH i
would rightly hold the government re- "-?ler l? ni"w r.1- - ."-Iwirsaw finds itself in the nosition
BDonsible if after alt the wort thov wher8 Jav I'OSid as a cl'sln of the Warsaw Unas itbeil in me position,
sponsioie, u, alter ail the work the t., w : where, with the scant m itarv force.
i l . i i uruuuic i nil. r i'u auu (u a f i i . ' - - - -
emment official. I and relatively small quantities of mili-
According to the police. Jay was in!ary supplies it is obliged to ignore
Sair Frar.cisco last week masquerad- j the demand of many, casting its
'itig as Lieut. Howard Gaynor, son of strength where the chances of doing
the late mayor of New York. He is 1 good are most pronounced.
I said to have visited Santa Barbara, Spread Reign of Terror
!Cal.. and Tu'.Fa. Okia.. leaving ficti-i "Meanwhile, throughout the coun-
trysiae, in tne entire area nortneast
and south of Warsaw, Russian prison
ers of war, released by Germany, and
the German soldiers making their w-ay
, . , n.. . 1 back into Germany, are spreading a
(Pv Review Leased Wire) . , . , . ' ; .
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. Casualties ( reign of terror in the various hamlets
. i.-..r,v, -. OV(.inHin pal where they vso commandeering the
LOYAL TROOPS WIN
m:v ICeview t.iiSfl Win)
AVASHiNGTON. Jan. ft Loyal Kim
sian troops operating under the auth
ority of the Omsk government have
defeated a large bolshevild army, cap
turing 31.000 prisoners and large quan
tities of war material, according to a
telegram from the Omsk authorities to
the Russian minister at Stockholm.
The message as printed in the Swed
ish press was received today at the
stato department.
The telegram said the third bolshe
vik! army of ten regiments had been
shattered and that the loyal troops
had ad-.anced beyond Kama and Noel
and were pursuing the enemy toward
Glassov. Booty captured included arm
ored trains as well as large quantities
of war materials and reserve supplier.
It was assumed here that the Rus
sians referred to were those which re
cently captured Perm, a city in Euro
pean Russia, near the Siberian line.
More than 10,000 prisoners were taken
in that engagement.
ATTACK CARRAN2A
GOVERNVENT
Pv Review Lens-1 Wire)
EL PASO. Texa, Jan. 8. Copies of
a proclamation issued by Gen. Evaris
to Perfz from Boca Grande, Chihua
hua, were received here today. The
proclamation stated that General Pe
rez had taken the field against the
Carranza .Kcvernment. and Villa, and
would iead a movement in northwest
ern Chihuahua for Gen. Felix Diaz, the
southern rebel leader. The proclama
tion stated that Mexico was "tired of
misrule and banditry" and the Diaz
movement proposed to put a stop to
banditry throughout the republic and
establish peaee.
General Perez, who was with Pas-
(V,y Rev' W T ' 'ni-.il
PAIMS.'jan. S.--The S' ii-.e continues
to r's" st"-i'!i!y ai'' M'lay its lev, I
was the hiuaest since fii. present
flood conditions set in. Navi:,tien
i a a complete stnml-t'il. All ship
ments of coal over the river route
have been stopi'e.l s'tice Jinnaiy
Several barg"s loaded with Hour were
l ined to ti up uli'iic the river ti:ii.s
before reaching Paris, f ausintr mat-y
bakers to dose their shops -a:ly this
mcrnipg because of lack of flour.
The rain has ceased and the bar
ometer i.. riving. Vie , v tint her Is
cieiir, hut the river continue to rise
showing greatefs ;in Zt tt" Atlsle:
liu bridge, ."t teh Pert Ne.if, ';
Pont St. Mittliae! and tt.e Pc,,t i!e
Ait's, it also has ir,.en steadilv. The ;
people line the biinks cf the river and
l.lk reaiinisceaay of the 1?10 flood.
The railroad to the Invalides station is
submerged in several places and the ,
Voltaire and I"ivr" wharves arr
under water. ;
At the bridee Ahr.a t'le s'rne Z ;ave
which sti iids guaid over the river is i
taking an Icy bath.
Tell cellars of houses near the river '
are flocded and the American soidiers
on the QQuai d'Orsny are busy saving
sleeks of coal lining fhe river. Mean
while the Vonne and .viarne rivers, the
former with a granite ami tho latter
with pwiimpy banks, cor.tir.aes to
rise.
iwOFlKSI
Your mor."y in our Bank will be .absolutely se
cure, and making more money fcr you working
day ar.d night, rain or shine, whether you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4r, ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
have done, it allowed the results to
be frittered away. And the nation,
as a whole, has unmistakably ex
pressed its sentiments on this point."
SENATE PLANS TO
BLOCK PRESIDENT
iffons checks in hi3 wake.
IN RAIL PROGRAM i
(Continued from Pap- One)
I .FRENCH CASUALTIES MOUNT
i
committee, in a letter made public to- j
day, and represents an addition of,
$60,000,000 to estimates given by Mr.
McAdoo in his recent testimony be-;
fore the committee. I
Mr- McAdoo exf'luined that the in-1
creased estimate was based on actual
net revenue for Novemlier, which now ,
was available and which was J2S.000,
000 leRS than was anticipated when he
appeared before the committee. Ho
estimated that $6,0f0,0;0 of the dif
ference was due to. reduction in traffic
during November and $22,000,000 to in-
creased wages and back payments.
Mr. McAdoo pointed to this unex
pected development as lending addi-,
onial troops, up to November 1, were
4.7C2.S90, according t official figures,
made public today by the French high
command, to correct conflicting rc
pcrts hither. published.
.Men killed in action or dead of
fragments of food, the clothes and the
beddirg of the people. Jews and Gen
tiles are suffering alike in this ter
r'iiie c:ii-"i-l which is being wged
against them. , '
"The tragic dispatches which thf
of here recently with 20 men. His
movement is not taken sefiously hy
Mexican leaders here.
AGREE ON TAX FEATURES
QUASHES RESOLUTION.
WASHINGTON. Jan. S. lnforma
ion has reached Washington that
after Setmtor lugo. it: .!e.,icp:".
congress, introduced a resolution De
cember 13, congritulatins President
Wilson on his international .yHcie.s,
President Cisrranza sen, for the (hair
man of the senate committee on for
eign relations and strongly opposed
enactment and the resolution failed.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
A. J. CRAIG, independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heater and
Ranges installed and Repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Price
reasonable. Phone 263, care H. E. Wostton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
fRv Review J.eH-seil "Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. S In begin
ning consideration of the differing
senate and house drafts of the war
revenue bill, the joint conference com
mittee of the two houses today agreed
upon rales of surtaxes and norma!
taxes on individual incomes as levied
by the senate bill and upon excep
tion of state and municipal from fed
eral taxation.
The conferees at the close of their
initial session announced that agree
ments on the various sections of the
bill would be made public each day
as reached. The conferees said their
decisions as announced would be final
and protests would not be entertained.
Otters
lli Preparing
DEPUTY CONFESSES
wounds numbered l,028.0t0 end to this cuuriors have brought are lightened
tela! must be cdd.v.l ?!'9,000 listed as
missing and given up for lots, making
a tftai of l.SJ7.si0. The number of
wounded was ",OOU."00. with 435,000
only hy the reports of the magnifi
cent heroism which not only the Po
ll::; women, but even thp. Polish chil
dren are showing in standing ginrd
lis'ed as prisoners. Three-fourths of vi:h tneir men folks and in repelling
the woui:ded have recovered, either . invaders.
entirely or at least to such an extent 1 "The terrible feature of the situa-
as ! be fit to work again.
1 tion is that as yet no intimaticj has
lEAGLt
Twice Daily, 2 o'clock, S o'clock
I
i
PARIS, Jan. 8 (Havas). Deputy
Louis Turmel, according to the .Matin,
made an important wri'ten declara
tion before his death early this week.
The deputy is said to have-declared
tat the previous testimony he ga'e
concerning the charge of trading with
the enemy, on vhieii be was being
detained, was untrue. He explained,
the newspaper says, that fear of event
ual vengeance had prevented him
from telling the truth.
NEED MANY SOLDIERS.
FRIDAY
ca
SATURDAY
Twice Daily, 2 o'clock, 8 o'clock
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. S. Replies to
inquiries sent out by the bureau o''
public roads reveal that 29 states will
need 103,541 returned soldiers and
sailors for road building work.
SUWDAi
SPECIAL MUSICAL SETTING, InterprelEd by Symphony Orchestra
IT
mm.
m m i a i
THIN PEOPLE
SHOULD TAKE.
PHOSPHATE
Nothing Like Plain Bitro-Phosphate to
1 1 Put cn Firm, Healthy i-iesn ana
to Increase Strength, Vigor
and Nerve Force.
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind or lumber you
uce. It the lumber is to com?
f;om lis, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. Theri
is r.z waste to our lumber. It
can be used to t!ie last inch.
If your plans are as right es
cur lumber your building will
be a dandy.
Llisbee Lumher Co
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
Bisbee Fuel and
w jf
TP
mpany
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
il
Disoee ruei an
Fee
id
d C
ompany
Phone 121
O.'t'.ce Bt-low Copper Queen Hotel
-; A .1';-
ITS
2
ice tne peaceful life of pre-war French villages; the joys and sorrows; the pretty homes
and placid life. Faces aglow with rapture, ov? and laughter. Ths lovers wooing under
the springtime moon then THEN THE WAR war with its charging hordes, tanks,
devastation, flame and gas attacks. Scenes imagination can hardly comprehend grip
ping in intensity swift in action. And running through it a:l the silver thread ct a
deathless love.
MATINEE, 23c, 50c, 75c. War Tax Extra. MGHTS, 5Cc, 75c, $1.00
RESERVED SEATS NOW ON SALE
Judging from the countless prepara
tions and treatments which are contin
ually being advertised for the purpose
of waking thin people fltshy. develop
ing anna, neck ar.d bust, and replacing
usly hollows aad angles by the soft
curved lines oi health and beauty,
there are evidently thousands of men
and women who keenly feel their ex
cessive thinness.
Thinness and weakness are usually
due to starved nerves. Our bodies
need mere phosphate than is contain
ed in modern foods. Physicians claim
there is nothing that will supply thiJ
dei'icioncy :;o well as the organic phos
phate known among dragging as bitro
.cnoiiiiate, which is inexpensive and
is sold by J. M. I3a.il in llisuie and
most all druggists under a guarantee
oi satisfaction or money back. Hy
feeding the nerves directly and by sup
plyii.i; tho f.ody tells with the m-ces-saiy
phosphoric food elements, bitvo
puosphaie quickly produces a welcome
transformation in the appearance; the
increase in weight frequently being
astonishing.
This increase in weight also carries
with it a general improvement in the
health. Nervousness, sleeplessness and
lack of energy, which nearly always
accompany excessive thinness, soon
disappear, dull eyes become bright,
and pale cheeks low with the bloom
of perfect health.
CAUTION : Although bitro phos
phate is unsurpassed for relieving
nervousness, sleeplessness and gen
eral weakness, it should not, owing
to its remarkable flesh growing prop
erties, be used by anyone who does
not desire to put on tlekh
Gas Fired Water'Heater
For Attaching
to Yoiu
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply o!
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
fji 1 !
i u
hi 11 : I
fcbec Improvement Co.
i
J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PublTth.v
Publishing Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively
entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to 1
or not otherwise credited to this
paper, and also, the local news pub
lished therein.
All rights of re-publication of spe
cial dispatches herein are also re
served:
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
IN ADVANCE
Per month $ -75
Three months 2.26
Six months 400
Twelve months 7.50
Sunday (our weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken Less Than 75c
Boost Good Roads
Cochise county is lining up rapidly
behind proposed good roads legisla
tion. One week ago a movement was
started for a highway convention at
Pohenix late this month, when good
roads matters will be taken up, and
when plans for definite and compre
hensive improvements of the state
roads will be discussed. This county
was invited to attend the meeting.
Memebrs of the board of supervis
ors cf Cochise county have heard the
call for the conference. At their meet
ing last Monday they decalred their
entire body shculd attend the meet
ing, that they must assist In outlin
ing plans and discussing the future of
the state's highways. The action of
the board is of first importance, since
it means that its members will be sol
idly behind any movement which may
be started for the betterment of roads.
Mpmhprs of the board of directors
of the Commercial club of this district
at their recent meeting discussed In
detail the same good roads meeting.
They decided to have full representa
tion at the Phoenix conference. In
addition, they passed resolutions urg
ing Douglas to join with the remain
der of the county in the highway
movement.
Interest in better and more state
and county highways has increased
largely since President Wilson urged
recently that extensive programs be
outlined and put into operation to
provide more work in the country dur
ing the periad of reconstruction. Well
known men in ever part of the state
have begun discussion of possible high
way plans, and each man agrees that
the present is the most opportune
time for beginning Arizona's system
of main line arteries.
The great task before the repre
sentatives of various counties in the
Phoenix conference, will be to provide
and recommend means of raising
funds for the proposed work. Once
this is done and the details of the
plan and placed before the people, the
succe?3 of the movement will be as
su:ed The residents of Arizona, pro
gressve, wide-awake, aggresive, are
prepared now to take advantage of
this greatest of opportunities, and
they will approve any feasible, well
balanced, workable plan.
Harmony, efficiency, practicability
are essential to Uie Phoenix meeting.
L.:t us have these elements, and the
roads will te easily obtained.
New War Stamps
N'ew war savings stamps and thrift
stampi cf the series of 1919 are no
on dale a the postoffice. Soon new
thrift hoc.eties will be launched and
new movements started for the stim
'ulation of sales of these securities.
But whj should thrift clubs and
other stimulants be needed to inter
est the average citizen in saving?
Before the United States entered
the war, this was a nation of spend
thrifts. Comparatively few Ameri
cans knew the meaning of the word
thrift. But an occasional man or
woman saved through sacrifice, .and
the average man and woman lived to
the limit of income, if not beyond
this point.
Since eighteen months ago when
this country entered the war, the
thrift habit has been given a mighty
impulse. More than thirty millions of
men and womeu of the nation have
become owners of govenrment securi
ties, and the number was increasing
daily when peace suddenly appeared.
Why go back to the old habits? We
iiave discovered that it is not hard
work to put aside a little ea-h month
for Liberty bonds or war savings
stamps; that the sacrifice is small
and that the. gain is large. We have
discovered .that the little put aside to- j
day will prow rapidly so rapidly thati
we have. Iteen surprised at the results. I
We have misi'd none of the small i
mat'-rial properties we Jhavo sacri-
fired lo make this thrift effort. j
I,ct us continue this effort, without
the necessity of brine called into a
thrift club or some siiiimilar organiia !
tion. If every man and woman
the country will lay aside a small
mite (or savings stamps each month
If onrh will nrnfHrA th lpnn leam-
PiTV lAttfOMDft DAD7IF0 ADP
jwill be transformed from a nation of
spendthrifts to a nation of thrifty
spenders.
And it is infinitely better to want
for a little today and have in the
future, than to have today and want
for much in old age.
Hun Peace Documents
Germany is making ready for the
peace conference, and quoting a dis
patch from Berlin "an enormous num
ber of documents have, been made
ready."
Somehow", we cannot help but won
der what these documents are.
Are some of them new White Books
of the Imperial press, designated to
place the blame for war upon the
heads of innocents. Such publications
came from Germany before the end of
the war. It was a pleasant pastime
of the kaiser to tickle his own imagi
nation by thus believeing he was
white washing his guilt.
Some of them, perhaps, are pleas for
food, cries to the allied nations that
Germany, the imperial robber, has
been put on a bread and water diet
in a dark cell.
Propaganda to stir strife in Russia,
to add bolshevik! terrorism to reign
ing anarchy, to build up imaginary
differences between America, France
and England, to. add to the impend
ing discussion between Italy and the
Jugo-Slavs, to foment a new alliance
in Mexico, to gain time in which to
seek new concessions Trom the en
tente t-iese may be some of the odeu
ments. Documents of similar character are
what the world has come to expect
from Germany. Deceit, infamy, mur
der, rape, terroirsm have so long been
the characteristics of Kun publica
tions and actions that the imagina
tion refuses to conjure up German
peace documents which are not
stained.
On the other hand, Germany can, if
she will, prepare documents which
will be of high value and importance
in the peace conference. Secrets of
the imperial intrigue leading to war
should be presented at the Versailles
meeting. Facts of destruction, placing
the blame for the war's reign of ter
rorism, and for the war's frightful
nesB, could be incorporated into the
document. A clean breast of Ger
many's actions from pre-war days to
today would be the most valuable
documents the nation could submit.
But will Germany make a full con
fession and place before the peace
congress the full truth of her intrigues
and guilt. If she follows this course
she will have opened up for herself
an opportunity to ask conisderation.
if she fails in this course, she will
have laid herself bare to any judg
ment the entente may pass.
Deterrent Punishment
"We. father and I. are down and
out. Why punish us more? My father
is a broken man," said the former
crown prince of Germany. "Have we
not been punished enough already?"
But the punishment has not been or
dered by the prorer tribunal. The
punishment of the ex-kaiser and the
cx-crown prince is only the punish
ment of failure. It is not sufficiently
deterrent Punishment that is not de
terrent is useless and foolish and
childish. It is inflicted, only by weak
and cruel persons. It is not expected
to do any good. It only gratifies a
desire for revenge.
If the matter against the Hohenzol
lerns were allowed to drop with their
failure to gather the fruits of their
crime against the world there would
be nothing in the proceedings except
the fact of failure In one instance to
prevent fat some time in the future
another ambitious man with a gamb
ling instinct to -try the same thing.
He would have a chance to succeed.
No record of failures has remained
unbroken.
But if a precedent is now set for
the trial and punishment of royal of
fenders and it is shown that punish
ment is certain, that risk, added to
the risk of failure would be too great
to be undertaken.
If now we dealt with common of
fenders in the manner proposed by the.
younger Hohenzollern we would not
discourage crime. If the captured
horse thief or the burglar should suf
fer no other punishment than failure
to get away with the goods, we would
be overrun by horse thieves and burg
lars. ,
since Florida has gone dry are we
to understand that "Florida water" a
perfume of antiquity and still in ut-e.
is to be made without the ingredient
of alcohol?
A man never ascertalim whether he
miirried a peach or a lemon until he
happens to open a family jar.
COUKCiL URGED TO'
I
III Mill I 1 1 I I I H 1 1 1 1
FOR FULL BEHELD IN OBEYANC
The urgent need for codification of
the laws of the city of Uisbee so that
there shall be fewer ordinances to
confuse the city officials and the
people, and less conllict, was brought
to the attention of the council at its
meeting Tuesday night by City Attor
ney Sam Kyle. While the original
cost of codi'.ication may be high, ulti
mately it will be a paying proposi
tion, Mr. Kyle said. '
"I was in Douglas a few days ago
talking over the situation with James
P. Bole, the city attorney," said Mr.
Kyle to the council. "Douglas, he in
forms me, is in the same condition as
Bisbee; there have been ordinances
made and repealed and amended until
the result is highly contusing, not only
to the citizens but to the memoers
of the city council, the city attorney,
the courts and peace officers who
have to act under the provisions of
the city laws.
"Mr. Boyle and I decided that the
best proceedure for the two cities to
follow would be to call in expert as
sistance in tne form ot Que of the law
book publishing houses. It would be
necessary only to inform such an ex
pert what we wanted in the way of
laws and what was dead wood. With
the aid of the immense law library
at the cemmand of such an individual,
the codifying of the ordinances of
the two cities would be a task of no
such great proportions as would con
front the city attorney or either Doug
las or Bisbee, were he or the two
Jointly to attempt to proceed.
"A larger library thaa is obtainable
anywhere in the state would be neces
sary if a holeproof set of ordinances,
covering the ground in all particulars,
is to be drawn.
"After the new. simplified ordi
nances had been whipped into shape,
they would be presented to the coun
cil here and passed as the laws of
Bisbee. Tbey then could be published
and the citizens as a whole have an
opportunity to study them, informing
themselves as to the laws governing
them.
"As matters stand, the ordinance
books of the city are cluttered with a
lot of out-of-date laws, confusing to
the legal as well as the lay mind.
Fewer laws, incorporating more mod
em ideas on many respects, would be
preferable."
Mr. Kyle said that the codification,
while it was needed greatly, did not
have to be done within the next few
weeks or months. However, he
wished to call the attention of the
council to the matter so that from
time to time it could be brought up
in meetings and discussed until a
unanimous conclusion could be
reached one way or another.
i
QUARANTINE GOES
ON DICES HERE
Good-bye to the twirly-whirl or tae
modern dance. At tho meeting of the
city council Tuesday night it was de
cided that a partial quarantine, as a
precautionary measure to prevent
spread of influenza, extending only
over the dances within the city limits
of Bisbee, should be put in eliect im
mediately. From this time until there
has been a decided improvement :u
the local situation, the devotees of the
dunce will have to go elsewhere than
Bisbee for their favorite pastime.
The council took this action at the
request cf Dr. D. Brown, city health
officer. In a brief address Di Brown
said he considered dancing a -fruitful
source of contagion because of the
necessary proximity of dancers to one
another and the large crowds which
assemble in hot halls. In this he was
upheld by Dr. N. C. Bledsoe, a member j
of the council, who agreed that tne '
closing ot dances was a wise precau-1
tiou.
"There has been a diminution in the .
amount cf influenza in Bisbee since
the quarantine was lifted," said Dr. J
Bledsoe in discussing the council's ac-1
tiou, "yet there are many cases here j
and unless we exercise every caution
there is a possibility of a recurrence !
of the epidemic which caused the city
to be placed under close quarantine. I
If the people will avoid crowds, get I
plenty cf fresh air, cat and sleep suf
ficiently and take ordinary precau
tions iu preserving their health, I be
lieve this cin be avoided. In regard I
to the report that a more strict quar-j
antine is to be placed on Bisbee, I am i
convinced there is nothing in it. No j
resumption ot the quarantine is prob-1
able unless there is an increase in the
number of cases. There will be, of ;
course, sporadic cases through the !
winter until spring."
Dr. Bledsoe said-there had been I
quite a number or pneumonia cases ;
but said this was to be expected in i
view of the weakened condition in :
which the influenza patients had been '
left by the disease. j
It has been intimated here that
there was possibility of the county ;
board of health also placing the ban ;
on dancing, but this could not be con
firmed yesterday. '
MORE TROUBLE BREWING
MONTKVIDKO, I'ruguay. Jan. S
The nmritimo federation of I'ruguay
is meeting1 In extraordinary session,
and it is staled thai it will decree
a boycott against the port of Hiienos
! Aires. This action will In- taken in
jti.vnipat.liy with wartime uoikeis in
Argentina.
WOMOf iNDlGNM
I IH II 1 1 1411111 ll Hill
Had any one been trying to "get a
rUe" out of the women of the Warren
district by proposing a law which
would stop their card clubs from play
ing for prizes, he would have succeed
ed admirably as was proven yesterday
when the comment of the feminine
section of the community upon the
new city anti-gambling ordinance,
was caustic to say the least.
Several card parties, planned forj
me iuiu:t?uiaie iuiure, are smu to nu-ve
died a sudden and not altogether
painless death. The women who had j
plr.noe-i giving them and those who !
had planned to attend, were equally
forcible In their remarks.'
In one or two instances an attitude 1
of defiance was said to have . been
adopted. At least one woman was
quoted as saying she intended to give
a card party with prizes for the best
piayers. However, it was pointed out
to her that each of her guests by par
ticipating in the came would be
equally as guilty as she. j
Anions the men on the street the
comment was almost as forcible, for
their games of "pan" had been stopped
along with the rest of it.
Attention was called by attorneys
to the fact that the city simply bad
adopted as an ordinance, the text of .
the anti-gambling law voted upon by!
fhp nonnlii nt li- Vnvomhor olantirtu '
and tarried by an overwhelming ma
jority. Had the city not taken this action.
the city officers would have been I
cbliyed to arre3t any one found gamb
ling an j the municipality would not ;
have benefited from the fines were
ccmicticu obtained. By making the!
law a city ordinance, also, enforce
ment is insured and the city should
obtain considerable revenue from
such fines. i
The slate law became effective De-1
cember 5 when a proclamation was
isueJ by Governor Hunt announcing !
that it had carried and was a law.
The chief difference between the i
present law and the old one is that j
where formerly the only man who
could he punished was the dealer or,
proprietor, under the new law every j
player is subject to the same fine,;
while any one permitting gaming on !
his premises is held to be as guilty
as the -dealer, proprietor or players. .
The minimum fine is $100 and the ;
maximum $.300 and a jail sentence of j
as much as six months may be as
sessed also.
-. w i tt.
HlTTPY f.nlfl Vlilfi
Ulw OCCO
New Mexico Plains
L. E. Could, formerly a newspaper
man of this city, but now proprietor
of a newopaper and justice of the
peace at Gallup, N. M... in writing to
his cousin, George Dunn of the Copper
Queen hotel, said that tho first few
days of this month had been the cold
est in the experience of the oldest in
habitant. On the morning of Thursday, Jan
uary 3. the thermometer stood at 25
degrees below zero, while on the fol
lowing morning it stood at 24 below.
Snow several inches deep lay on the j locations in which he had become In
ground at the time the letter was writ-! terested. At the time of hia death,
ten. To add to the discomfort of the j besides his interests in Jhe Warren
people there, coal was eellics at $10 j district, he was president cf the I'ui
the wagon load, though Gallup stands i ted States National bank ia Duluth.
in the center of a coal mining dis-1 president of tho PnttUon Ccal & Iron
trict. ! company and ow ned other varied and
Arizona is not .alone in her trouble large interests including substantial
with the bootlegging fraternity as was i fractional fee interests in the Chand
shown by Mr. Gould's statement that i ler and Pioneer iron mines in the
in one morning 27 cases of bootleg- Vermilion range.
ging were tried in the court In Ga'lup. 1 Born in Canada, Mr. Pattison's pa-
America Taught the Value of
ECONO
The war has taught us that real economy is based
on getting the things you want and need at the least
possible price, which constitutes real saving, rather than
denying yourself some things and buying other things,
regardless of what you pay for them.
Economy Prices Offered in
Women's Suits, Goats, Dresses
in all the newest fabrics and in beautiful designs suit
able for every occasion and all the year around wear.
A REAL SENSATION LOOK THEM OVER
Lowest' prices, coupled with the best merihandise ob
tainable, throughout all departments.
WHERE YOU DO BETTER
V J
ALL HE WANTS IS THE MOON !
''I
- i l ' ' ' "r' .inn wiii.n"
MARIN
mm
m m m m mm r m
DEAD; PRESIDENT
OF DENN-
Martin Paulson, president of the'
Dcnc-Arisoaa Mining company and I
,.f rh irt tin. khfM. r in th
! Shattuck Ariio.ia Copper company,
died at his home in Superior. Wis., De-
rp.Ilb..r aM-prdin-tn word received
E'ffii'hi
C. Cowan from Byron
a son. a former resident
of this district and formerly manager
oi tne Denn.
Mr. Pattiaon, who was 7S years of
age, was in good health up to the 16th
of last month when be attended a din-
! ner party at the home of a friend in
Duluih. He was taken aicx shortly
i afterward and passed away on the fol
lowing Friday. He was survived by
five daughters and one son, as well as
his widow.' i
Deceased was a pioneer in the iron
mining regions of Michigan and Wis
consin, having become wealthy
through his exploitation of mineral
1? ia
AR1Z0NA
Y
n 1 lK
rents moved to Michigan where
engaged in the lumber ousiness in
his
';penor. Deciding to investigate tne
place, he discovered and located the ;
iron mines which made him wealthy.
1 At the time oi his death he was a I
mamber cf the itconsin state centra; '
tutu uwu utirc uiutra uujur ui . . . ..
perior. Before moving to Wisconsm 1 3ge' th JUVtn"e secUcn of the Co
ne had served two terms in the Mich ' Per Q library, opened U3t week
U:an legislature. ! at the Central school buildins. is hold-
i K !.... ;.,..... I
Mr. Pattisou was prominent in XfJh "''"FJEi
nic circle and also uas a member ; h the.e arc several hundred
of the Elks. Odd Fellows and Kniuhts "-"
ot Pythias. He v,a;i interested ;u a!i
movements for the furtherance of
Christianity, education and charitable
i organizations.
tioseiy associaion wita iir. l atiuon
since he, entered the copper mining
fie!d had been L. C. Shattuck and
M-.iurice Denn of this city.
AN ENEf.".Y OF WOMANHOOD
The complexion, dis'stitm ar.d al -
most the complete personality ot wo -
! m:'in are (tenement upon health. We-
man's ills are her great enemy, aj
they cause bad complexion, dark cir
cles under the eyes, headache, back
ache, nervousness, sleeplessness, diag-giuR-down
pains and the blues, and
often totally unfit her for a compan
ion. The grtat American remedy
for such conditions is I.ydia K. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound. Ii it h
has been restoring three gener itior.a
of ailing Homen to health, and may be
relied upon with perfect confidence.
Catarrh is a Real Enemy
and Requires Vigorous Treatment
Do Not Neglect It.
When you use medicated sprays,
atomizers and douches for your Ca
tarrh, you may succeed in unstopping
the choked-up air passages for the
time hein?, but this annoying condi
tion returns, and you have to do the
same thing over and over again.
Catarrh has never yet been cured
by thc?e local applications. Have
you ever experienced any real benefit
t.-am such treatment'?
r
ATTEND THE
enefit
for the
Orphans of France
Warren District Country Club
TO-NIGHT
(January 9th)
Everybody Welcome. Admission 50 cents
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Qass ate
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POITEN, MANAGER
X
Juvenite Library
t rl t Pflf ll All rftfTC
Of Warren District
Instead of waning in popularity wita
; The board of education of the War-
' ren district, now being convinced that
! the installation of a juvenile library
ueciaeaiy successful movation.
; ur.iuru iunnrr i enena us neia
of operations. To this end a number
of boxes of books, each containing
about 50 volume, carefully chosen
i from the shelves and w'.l assorted o
as to suit all tastes, will be made np
and sent to- the smaller outlying
schools.
: r-ach book will reisain in the poa-
! session of the school to which it ia
sent for a period of one month. It
then will b sent to another school
ar.d a new one brought in to replace
the original one. In this way, in tho
belie t cf Prof. C. F. Ph.! brook, super
intendent of schools, the interest of
the juvenile population in reading
and particularly in good reading, caa
be cultivated in this way and eacfc
volume in tho library be mde to
serve a far more useful purpose thaa
if it were allowed to rrmain in the
shelveb of the Central school library-
Throw these makeshift remedies ta
the winds, and get on the right treat
ment. Go to your drug store to-day.
get a bottle of S. S. S and commence
a treatment that has been praised by
sufferers for nearly half a century.
S. S. S. gets right at the source of
Catarrh, and forces from the blood
the germs which cause the disease.
You can obtain special medical aJvica
regarding your own case without
charee by writing to Medical Direc
tor. 22 Swift Laboratory. Atlanta. Cx.
Dance FiVE
WILLIAM GRIFFITH'S "NO GREATER LOVE"
AT GRAND THEATER BEGINNING FRIDAY
SMASHUP OF FLIVVER
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
r
Mining and Financial News
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
t
1
i
i
1
I
0
NEW YORK. Jan. 8. Specialties
again attracted the attention of specu
lative interests in today's fairly active
stock market, although operations
were suspended for the session at
li:30 o'clock as a mark of respect to!
the memory of Theodore Hoosevelt.
Trading ran mainly to tobaccos, I
sugars, leathers, oils and motors in j
substance, stocks of the so-called
peace variety.
Kail were slow to get under way,
but averaged gains of 1 to lVi points
toward the close on gains for St.
Paul, Great Northern, Norfolk and
Western and Texas Pacific. A 37
point jump in Texas Land Trust cer
tificates was the spectacular feature.
United States Steel yielded part
of its 1-point advance and kindred in
dustrials and equipment were sluggish
and not materially changed, while
coppers eased under further pressure.
Shippings constituted the only con
spicuous drawback. Marine preferred
making an extreme decline of 3s
Doints on persistent rumors of more
Hpriniw obstacles to the comoletijn of
the company's plans for the sale of!
its British tonnage. Sales amounted j
to 300,000 shares.
Tall money onened at 5 Der cent. ;
but the demand vus so urgent as to
cauie an immeuiate rise to 6 percent,
at which large sums were reported
to have been taken.
Bonds were steady, but featureless,
foremost issues recording little altera
tion. Total sales, par value, aggre
gated $S.250,000. Old United States
bonds were unchanged on call.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 8 Fresh advances
in the corn market took place today
owing to explicit denials that impoits
of corn from Argentina would be
authorized. The market closed unset
tled, l4 to lc net higher, with Jan
uary $1.4S to and May $141U
to jl.41. Oats finished t off to lc
and provisions varying from 30c de
cline to a rise of 7c.
As soon as trading began, corn im
mediately went to the highest yet this
season. Advices over night had re
moved all doubt that competition from
Argentina would remain under a ban.
On the bulge, however, sales to real
ize profits were of liberal proportions
and there was also a disposition
evinced to speculate for a bearish re
action, especially as gossip became
current that contrary to previous be
lief the February average price on
hogs would not be determined today.
Nevertheless, when the market had
receded to about yesterday's closing
level the buying again broadened out,
and a rally was in progress at the end
of the session, with March and May
deliveries most in demand.
Oats were governed by the action
of corn.
Higher quotations ou grain and hogs
lifted provisions, but setbacks result
ed later owing to delay in fixing the
February value of packers droves.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. S. Copper Dull;
electrolytic large producers holding at
23c; some small producers sold at 20
to 21c.
Spelter Quiet; East St. Louis spot
offered at $7.50; January. $7.50.
Lead Unchanged.
Closing quotations January 8, 1919.
NEW YORK.. , 4
(L. J. Overlook. Broker.)
Anaconda ' 60
Amn. Can. . , 4ST
Amn. Car 91ij
Amn. Smelters "57s
Amn. Sugar 114
Baldwin ... .-. 74":i
fceth. U 2
C. & 0 57 U
C. F. & 1 37
Central Leather 61
Crucible 57"
Distillers 554
Erie 17
Goodrich 57
General Motors 130
Ind. Alcohol 104
Lackawanna 66
Marine 25?g
Marine pfd. 108s
Midvale 44 '4
Mexican Petroleum 1S6
N. Y. C 74
Northern Pacific 93
Reading 82V4
Rubber 77V
Studebaker Sl
Steel 938
St. Paul 40 Vi
Southern Pacific lul'4
Sinclair Oil 33
Texas Oil 186
Union Pacific 129
U. S. M 45
HOW TO USE YICK'S VAPORUB IN
TREATING SPANISH INFLUENZA
The Influenza Germs Attack the Lining of the Air Passages.
When VapoRub Is Applied Over Throat and Chest the
Medicated Vapors Loosen the Phlegm, Open the Air
Passages and Stimulate the Mucous Membrane to Throw
Off the Germs.
f ! 1
i
9
m
7-x :
' V-
"V
i
EN XV VAL7KALL i.u
Adventure
Alaska ...
Allouez . .
Az. Com!.
Buf.e ...
C. & A. .:
C. 11. ..
C. Range
LILLIAN CiSK izd K
D.V. GRIFFITH'S The Great Love'
AnACTCEArTftsix-e
feivnce and distinctions lose in the
crucible of the world war. ancient
prejudices and conventions aie being
buried where they shall never rise
aain in the united drive of the allied
nations toward the sublime summits
of democracy.
Into "The Great Love." D. W. Grif
fith has put ihe courage of martyrs,
the transfiguration of woman, the in
spiration of poets, the awfulness of
the battlefields at nUht with the lurid
gleams and flashes across starry
blackness, m;iiled with the thunder
"No Greater Love." says D. W. Grif
fith, "has this world ever known than
that which fills patriotic hearts in all
the allied lands today."
In hitherto aristocratic Great Bri
tain royalty labors side by side with
the lowliest. The rag of wretchedness
and the purple robe of power all dif-
United Motors
Westinghouse
r.5u
42
BOSTON.
3",
45
.. 12
..
621
. . 45
42
Chino t 23
of the mighty artillery.
Mystery surrounds the wrecking at
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning' of
a five-passenger Ford automobile own
ed bv F. Williamson, a niiiifr em
ployed in the Junction mine. The au
tomobile was struck by a Lowell
bound street car in trout of the Texas
garage and was carried a distance of
about 2 feet before the car was
brought to a standstill.
According to Mr. Williamson, he,
with a friend, returned at about 10:3u
o'clock and. finding the garage closed,
parked the automobile at the entrance.
It is not known how the car came to
be on the tracks, but it is thought that
an attempt was made to steal the au
tomobile and that in turning it out
into the street the headlight of the
on-coming street car frightened the
Uiieves away. However, the ignition
switch had not been turned on. Altilio
Bet, who resides next to the garage,
was awakened by the crash caused by
the collision and rushed to the track
fearing that someone had been in
jured. No one was within sisht. His
statement was substantiated by the
motorman who was in charge of the
street car.
RETAINS CUE TITLE.
CHICAGO, Juu. y Augie Kiek
hefer retained the three-cushion bil
liard championship toniulit by defeat
ing Pierre Maupome. Mexican chal
lenger, lot) to 141. It was the seventh
time Kieckhefer has successfully de
fenued his title since winning it last
February. In six weeks Kiekhefer is
expected to meet Alfred de Oro from
whom he won the title.
Kieckhefer played 1!U innings w hile
Maupome went through 190 in their
match, the third block of which Kieck
hefer won tonight, 30 to 4.", in 61 innings.
Owing to an advance in
price of
the
We are obliged to raise our prices as fellows:
lb.
lb.
lb.
lb.
Red .
Red
Blue
Blue .
44c
..: 87c
39c
$1.09
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
HEARTS OF WORLD
STIRRING DRAMA;
In Addition, VapoRub Is Ab
sorbed Through and Stimu
lates the Skin, Attracting
the Blood to the Surface and
Thus Aids in Reducing the
Congestion Within
CALL A PHYSICIAN GO
TO BED STAY QUIET
DO NT WORRY
There Is no Occasion for Panic Influ
enza Itself Has a Very Low Per
centage of Fatalities, Not Over One
Death Out of Every Four Hundreu
Cases, According to the N. C. Boaro
of Health. The Chief Danger Lies
in Complications Arising, Attacking
Principally Patients in a Run Down
Condition Those Who Don't Go to
Bed Soon Enough or Those Who Get
Up Too Early
Spanish Influenza, which appeared
in Sp3in in May. has swept over the
world in numerous epidemics as far
back as history runs. Hippocrates re
fers to an epidemic in 412 H. C., which
is regarded by many to have been in
fluenza. Kvery ceatury has had its at
tacks. Besinuing with 1831, this coun
try has had five epidemics, the last in
1SS9-90.
THE SYMPTOMS
Grip, or iufluenza, as it is now call
ed, usually begins with a chill, fol
lowed by aching, feverishness and
sometimes nausea ond dizziness, and a
general feeling of weakness and de
pression. The temperature is from
loij to 104, and the fever usually lasts
from three to five duys. The germs at
tack the mucous membrane, or lining
of the air passages nose, throat and
bronchial tubes there is usually a
hard coush, especially bad at night,
often times a sore throat or tonsilitis,
and frequently all the appearances 'of
a severe head cold. ,
THE TREATMENT
Go to bed at the first symptoms, not
only for your own sake, but to avoid
spreading the disease to others take
a purgative, eat plenty of nourishing
food, remain perfectly quiet uiid don't
worry. Quinine. Aspirin or Dover's
Powder, etc., may be administered by
the physician's directions to relieve
the aching, liut there is no cure oi
specific for influenza the disease
must run it's course. Nature herself
will throw off the attack if only you
keep up your strength. The chief
danger lies in the complications which
may arise. Influenza so weakens the
bodily resistance tb;it there is danger
of pneumonia or bronchitis develop
ing, and sometimes inflammation of
the middle car. or heart affciMious.
For thct-e reasons, it is very important
(that the patient remain in bed until
; his strength returns stay in bed at
j least two days or more after the fever
!has left you, or if you are over 50 or
not strong, stay in bed four days or
more, according to the severity of the
1 attack.
I EXTERNAL APPLICATIONS
I In order to stimulate the lining of
J the air passages to throw off the
J grip germs, to aid in loosening the
j phlegm and keeping the air passages
I open, thus making the breathing eas
i ier, Vick's VapoRub will be found ef
j f ..'dive. Hot. wet towels should be
' ..pplied over the throat, chest and
; l;ack l.etwcen the shoulder blades to
! open the pores. Then VapoRub should
I be rubbed in over the parts until the
j skin is red, spread on thickly and
i covered with two thicknesses of hot
j flannel cloths. Leave the clothing
I loose around the neck as the beat of
j the body liberates the ingredients in
' the form of vapors. These vapors,
' inhaled with each breath, carry the
medication directly to the parts affect
ed. At the same time, VapoRub is ab
sorbed through and stimulates the
i skin, attracting the blood to the sur-
face, and thus aids in relieving the
congestion within.
HOW TO AVOID THE DISEASE
! Evidence seems to prove that this is
!a germ disease, spread principally by
; human contact, chiefly through cough
,ing, sneezing or spitting. So avoid
ing crowds common drinking cups,
i roller towels, etc. Keep tip your bod
ily strength by plenty of exercise in
! the open air and good food.
I KEEP FREE FROM COLDS,
j Above all. keep free from colds, as
j colds irritate the lining of the air pas
j sages and render them much better
; breeding places for the germs. Use
jVicks VapoRub at the very first sigc
of a cold. For a head cold, melt a lit-
tie VapoRub in a spoon and inhale the
vapors, or better still, use VapoRub in
a benzoin steam kettle. If this is not
j available, use an ordinary tea-kettle.
Fill half full of boiling water, put in
half a teaspoon of VapoRub from time
to time keep the kettle just slowly
'boiling and inhale the steam arising.
NOTE: Vick's VapoRub is the discov
ery of a North Carolina druggist, who
found how to combine, in salve form,
! Menthol and Camphor w ith such vola
tile oils as Eucalyptus. Thyme. Cu-
jhebs, etc., so that when the salve is
applied to the body heat, these ingre
'dients are liberated in the form of
vapors.
i VapoRub is comparatively new in
New York state and New England and
a few wpMern states, where it is just
'now being introduced, but in other
! sections of the country it is the stand
ard home remedy in more than a niil-
lion homes for all forms ol cold trou-
1 hies. Over six million jars were sold
i
i last year. It is particularly recom
j mended for children's croup or colds.
since it is externally applied and
j therefore ran be used as freely us de
. Kired without the flihtst. harmful
'rllects. VapoRub can lie had ill tliree
I sizes at all druggists.
Chile lf
E. liutte ,. 1
Granby i SO
G. Can
Goldfield ...
Hancock . . .
Indiana . . .
Inspiration .
Kennecott ..
Keweenaw .
Iake
La Salle ...
Mohawk . .
Miami ... .
Nevada . . .
X. Butte ...
Xip
Old I)om. ..
Osceola . . .
Pond Ck.
Quint-) . . .
Ray Con. . .
Utah Copper
Utah Con. .
CURBS.
A. t- A r 11
Ariz. Uine
Hutte & London IS
llig Ledee-
Cal. & Jer. ...
Cornelia ... .
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper . .
Cosden
Cresson Gold .
Curtiss
T)enn
Dundee . . ...
Emma
Federal Oil . . .
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island .
Globe Dom H 1
Hull 4"
Howe Sound 4'. j
Hecla 47l
Iron Cap ' 16 j
J. Verde 'i ;
Magma Copper 28 i
Magma Chief 'i j
Mines of America 1'tO
Okmulgee 2'i
Porphyry aft ,
Ray Here 3'i
Tom Reed lt'."
Tuolomne S3 :
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combrj.
Wol. Ariz
West End
White Caps
W'rieht Martin
OATMAN.
(By Collins 4. Bretherton.)
Aruo in!
Adams "2
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 02
ttii
5-'
, ! filmed
32 j
4i
-E ,
54 j
24
17
11
35
51
13'i
(U
20
71-4
"Hearts of the World." the supreme
triumph of D. W. Griffith, to be pre
sented at tiie Eagle theater three days,
commenting tomorrow, has inaugurat
ed a new era in the realm of the
srreen drama. Here, with the real
V. AY Ha a DiltKKrilUflu, .111. 11I1IIUU UH3 I
a simple little love story, old ;
as the ages, yet ever new. 1
"Hearts of the World" has proven j
the latest sensation in the screen i
worlJ. Mr. Griflith realized that the;
public, which became enthusiastic:
over 'The Birth of a Xation" and "In-!
. tolerance, Would expect something bi? '
' from him in this latest picture, and. j
I therefore, instead of trying to outdo i
himself in staging gigantic battle
j scenes, he used the great war only ,
; as a background for the filming of a ,
simple and attractive story of tre
mendous human interest. The "Hearts i
j of the World" will .'be shown twice
; daily, 2 o'clock afternoons, and S
DR. EDWARD COLHAH
Chiropractor and Osteopsth
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposita
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
Richard Wagner, Who Composed Marvel
ous Operas, Tho He Could Play No
Instrument
was a lover of Canines. In every musi
cian's library, you'll find Wagnerian tales,
the pages cf which are dog-eared! Wag
ner gave home to every stray pup, always
making known flic; truant's whereabouts
through an Ad in ihe Review Classified
Columns!
WATCH FOE THE
BIG OIL BOOM
V 1
j o'clo k at nteht.
1 WE SHOULD WORRY
EAGLE HEADLINER
17
IVi
7U
5
13
17
1
15
4
4i
l'B
.07
liig Jim Con
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff ..
Lucky Boy
Sunny side
Telluride
Tom Ree.1
United Eastern
United Western
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee ...
Venture Hij:
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizonu
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Verde Siiiaw
Kay Copper
Xu ozitii Consolidate I . .
Con. Cop. .Mini-s
Porphyry
Cal. d Jerome
Feather River
.1'.".
.11
It;::
4
.11
1 i'ii
.,l2
.10
.44
.1".
.OK
t.l
12
2 nO
.t!2
.i'2
.14
.151
.05 1
'.
.02 '
.oi ;
.02 1
.15
.nt;
.06
.14
!...
4 40
.o:;
.20 !
i
i
::.(io :
.41
.IS'
1.12:
.04 1
.12'
.50 '
.12
17,
.12!
.40
2.1 S1
..I
4n
ti 12
.Ml
..".II
.12
i Those who have not seen Jane and i
Katherine Lee in "We Should Worry!" i
w ill miss the event of the season if '
th'.y fail to visit the Eagle theater '
this afternoon or this evening for this 1
is the last day of the run. '
I These prodigious youngsters battle I
I burglars, confute kidnappers, foil
fortune hunters and marry their;
; wealthy young aunt to the man or !
their choice in five reels of a splen- !
did photoplay. I
j
! WORSE THAN !
DEADLY
POISON GAS
Ednoy disease is no respwtor of pr- 1
Bonn. It attacks young and old alike.
Ia most cases the victim is warneil
ft the approaching danger. Nature fight j
hack. Ilcudai'lie, indirection, insomnia,
l'ime back, lumbago, sciatica, rhcuma- '
tisui, pain in the loins and lower ab
domen, difficulty i- urinating, all are !
indieatiou of trouble brewing ia your !
kidneys.
TTtea eucli symiitdms appear you wfll !
ctm.)vt certainly find quick relief ia ;
GOLD MEDAJj Ilaarlcm Oil Capsules. '
This famous old remedy has stood
tl:e test for f.vo hundred years in help ,
ing mankind to ght of disease. 1
It is imported" direct from the hom
li'jorntories in Holland, where it has ;
lu'iped to develop the Dutch into ona ;
f'f the sturdiest and healthiest races in
the world, and it may be had at
almost every drutt Ftore. Tour monry
TTomptly ffunded if it does not re- ,
licve yon. I?e sure to gt the genuine
C,OU MEDAL Brand, la aealed pack- '
pji-s, three sizes, i
iiii
Ruddy Cheeks Sparkling Eyes
Most Women Can Have
Says Dr. Edwards, a Well-Known
Ohio Pi'ysician
Dr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years treated
6core5 of wom?n for liver and bowel
ailments. During these years he gave to
his patier.ts a prrscnptkin mr.de of a few
well-known vr stable incrreiie::t9 mixed
with ohve ct, rxmiug tVen Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tabids. You will kiow thpi by
iheir olive c!or.
These tablets arc w mder-workcrs on the
liver e? J bowels wsjcU cause a normal
action, c.-uTyiri cf the waste and poison
ous matter in c-u-'s svtcm.
If you have a pde face, sallow loo.:, cull
eyes, pimples, c;:t:d t jnsue,hcudachc3, a
lUtli's-v co-,-ioJ f:r'ir.. l'. out ci sort
inactive bowels, J u tie oni cf Dr.
El wards' Clive Tc'--Ict9 r.irhUy for a tune
s-d hate ti e plczdrc. rccults.
Thousands ot women as v.-ci! as men
Dr. ndv.-p.HC!:vc Tablets the sue
.' . f.-l s:hi:fne "r cclcicl no and
tl:.-n j'tt to i.c i". tl-s i cf condition.
10carJ23cri.VL'::;. Ail tirui;ts. '
That is Coming to Arizona Very Soon!
Only a few years ago Oklahoma and Kanass suddenly found riches undreamed of
pouring in on them, now it is Texas reaping untold millions from the greatest Oil fields
of this country.
NEXT IT WILL BE ARIZONA
If you- have never been in an Oil Boom, you cannot reailze hew Oil (as Albert V.
Atwood says in Saturday Evening Post of December 28ih) "REVOLUTIONIZES, FER
TILIZES AND GALVANIZES the "peoples and institutions within its reach.
Do you know that Chino Valley and Holbrook have identical formation as the great
Ranger Oil Belt in Texas, and as good indications for Oil in paying quantities as exist
in any cf the great mid-continent oil fields. Are you conversant with the fact that at
this date EIGHT different companies, well financed and with Standard Equipment are
actually at work, going after the Oil in Chino Valley and Holbrook. Geologists. Prac-
tical Oil Men; men who have made a success in development cf Oil in California, Kan
sas, Wyoming, Oklahoma, Texas and the eastern states, say there is OIL in Arizona,
and they are backing up their words with m oney and development.
Do you know that
Home Oil Co. Leads the Field
with Standard Equipment. New and Modern in every detail.- GREATER DEPTH
DRILLING EVERY DAY. Hole l2' incres. standard size. SPENDING MONEY
RECEIVED THROUGH SALE OF STOCK FOR ACTUAL DEVELOPMENT, and
giving EVERY MAN WHO HAS INVESTED CR WHO ITCiS INVEST IN THE
STOCK, A CLEAN HONEST RUN FOR HIS MONEY. IiOAiL OIL COMPANY IS
MAKING GOOD.
Do you appreciate the fact that Home Oil Company !;J3 1120 acres in Chino
Valley (where we are DRILLING EVERY DAY), 320 acres in Hcibrook field and 160
acres lecated right in line with greatest develcpment in North-western Texas.
This Texas field covers area as large as three of the Atlantic Coast States, and is
most marvelous Oil fields of all time.
Home Oil Company has set out to develop its alnd in ,V'! !:-?sc '"A h, and WE WILL
DOIT.
You Can Buy Home Oil Co. Stock for
5c per Shar
Ti IURSDAY
arc FTRDAY
SATURDAY, JAN. 11TH PRICE ADVANCES TO 7c PER SHARE,
you will have to pnv 1 0c per share.
HOME OIL WELL IS GOING DOWN AND STOCK IS GOING UP.
Get aboard now, before price advances
(Member Oumtcr Oil & Mines of Arizona)
Feb. 1st
HOME OIL COMPANY
PRESCOTT
Bisbee Office: COPPER QUEEN HOTEL BLDG.
ARIZONA
Open Evenings Until 9 p. in. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
A ccordion Play in g j
Of City Fathers Is
LateMusical Treat
MEN ON WHOM THE UNITED STATES DEPENDS IN SESSION IN PARIS
Music was in The air around the city ;
hall Tuesday aud yesterday when an i
accordion, the property of CJreuoric i
Olivas, a Mexican, arrested Monday
night, was brought into play. The j
instrument lying 0:1 top of City Mar-1
shal Kemptou's desk was provocative J
of experiments and the mournful ;
sound of amateur attempts to drag!
melody from the "box" issued ire-j
quently from that oflk-e. j
Mayor Jacob Erickson Councilman i
Iee Jovanovu : and several other ;
local notables tried their hands with '
out great success, whil;- the police-!
men aud 01-casional visi-ors just,
couldn't keep from tugging a lew j
whines out of the implement of tor-j
ture.
(.Iregorio, when arrested, declared '
that he was "going to make a little j
music." That (statement, however. .
had nothing to do with the fine of.
$15 which was assessed hy City Judge :
John V. Hoaan and paid by the Mexi
can. Six other Mexicans who pleaded
Kuilty to getting drunk on paregoric!
and denatured alcohol were given :
similar fines. ' J
Otto Matson was convicted on thej
charge of having whisky on his per
son and fined 825. which he paid. j
Three automobile traffic law vio-'j
lators were before the court, two re
ceiving fines of $5 each and the third
being severely reprimanded.
r r-r-i rr Vr , r I i
5
PFG.
ARMY HOE
KHECHT
BLACK
INDIAN TAN
CALF
Why accept an in
ferior Army Shoe
when you citn get
the standard article
at the same price or
less? Ask for the
BuCKHIil'HT Army
Shoe and get Auf
you ask for.
Then yoire sure
to be satisfied !
Look fur :!e name
wamped on the sol. I'rti-
of e cry Shoe fur our
mutual pretJtKin.
C
Mill
Built sturdy and
serviceable for
Office Men
Attorneys
Physician
Hikers
Farmers
Orchardists
Motormen
Conductors
Hunters
and others in
every walk of lije
If not obtainable from your dealer.
send name and your order direct
BUCKINGHAM t HEC
Manufacturer San Francisco
fl $7.00 to $8.00
Left to riht: Col. E. 31. House, Secretary of State Robert Lansing, President Wilson, Henry White and Gen. Taskcr H. Bliss.
America's delegation to the
peace conference is in daily ses
sion in Paris arranging definite
jo!ioies regarding every problem
which may come before the confer
ence when it convenes later in the
month. When President Wilson is
unable to attend the sessions be
cause of his absence from the city
the other members meet and dis
pose of a multitude of minor de
tails. This photo is a flashlight
one taken in the Hotel Crillon in
Paris, where the U S. delegates,'
with the exception of Wilson, are
staying.
onnn J rrinn Tc
Found 'DeadHerm OF DECEMBER
PNEUMONIA CASES AT CANANEA COMPANIES FMp! fiVFRS PI AN T.I FAN -IIP
UflDUII DATE miBIPNTTIUfinnmurnD
TO
Warreu district was 55.
The number of deaths reported fo.-
tno mi i n r S ti f nrAmtwr fnini nnetl-
monia in the Warren district was 15. 1 company was reported to have
The report, containing the patients'
names, date of death and the names j
of the attending physicians follow: j
Reported by Dr. Harry Reese Ma-1
ria Consuela Secena, Ysidro Lopez on j
December 20; Apalano Villa, Decern-!
de Terrazas, De- i
An inquest will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock at the city hall by
Coroner James Allison to determine
the cause of the death of Jacob Smith,
who came here a few days ago from
Colorado and was found dead early
yesterday morning. lying on the porch
of Constable A. E. Sheppard's rooming
house in Dubacher canyon. Death sup
posedly was the result of asthma from
which he had suffered for a number
' of years.
The jury summoned by Coroner Al
lison, which viewed the remains and
will sit in the case is composed of
E. R. Crawford. R. G. Ansley. J. K.
Timrkn. J R Hunter. J L. Dickstein ber 14: Louisa L.
and Claude Wilson. cember 19.
Smith, whose age is given as 43 i Reported by Dr. R. C. Dryden Yza
years, arrived here only a few days ! bel Mauriuuei, December S.
ago with his younger brother, who re-1 Reported by Dr. B. W. Scott Am
rently was discharged from the army, ada Nagera, December 7.
The elder man came in search of i Reported by Dr. C harles F. Hawley
health, while the vounger was looking I Mrs. Mack Thomas. December 21.
for employment. Reported by Dr. X. C. Bleusoe i
According to the younger brother, j James R. Gordon. December 8; Augus-1
Jacob Smith sat up with him talking i ta Kiting, December 27. ;
until about 1 o'clock vesterday morn- j Reported by Dr. O. W. Brandon j
ing. After drinking two cups of ccf-jOpal May Mistier. December 9. ;
fee the elder brother Fusgsted going ! Reported by Dr. E. li. Walker Ro- j
to bed and both retired. Evidently j sario R. de Davili, December 12; Rich-'
the elder brother, feeling an attacx j ard P. Conley. December 13; Robert
of asthma coming en had risen wuh- j Marshal Worthington. December 14;
out disturbing the younger and had . Mrs." Richard P. Conley, December 16; ,
gone out on the porch sitting on the ) Elia Morris, December 31.
edge of it in order to be in the fresh In commenting upon the reports. Dr.
air. His body was found there in a j C. H. Hunt said that the death record
reclining position shortly before 6 ! for the month of December showed
o'clock yesterday morning by another that it was normal for the average
lodger in the house. j year.
The body new is at the O. K. under- j While there are quite a number of
taking establishment. Funeral serv-. new cases of influenza which have ap
ices will be held this morning at 10 . peared in the district, there is nothing:
o'clock. to be alarmed about, he said.
liUiiiiiHL unit. Liuimiu ;uui imu uuim luituLUim mm rnn 1
iyumd run v
Heavy cuts in the force of employes - , i,,.4.X.3LrStX5ffaEJrW
of the iniuing companies at Canmea H PTI Ifl' 1 1 II A 11' A II T
have been put in effect during the i W " I I j K tl L H, I lfi "
I1LS UUI1I11U lliUll s.
ORDERS
ini niurii
IDHUVC
QUAKERS
The report to the county registrar's
office for the months of November and
December show as follows:.
last few days, in response to the un
certainty in the copper metal market
i v. - 1. 1. : 1 1 . . I r. . -.1. .. .1
That the number of deaths reported a"u
, I crease in price in the immediate tu
tor November from pneumonia m the fllr, arrordin:r , iooai isitors ves-
terday. Estimates of the decrease in
fores are from .20 to 25 per cent.
The Cananea Consolidated Copper
dis
charged several hundred of its em
ployes from the mines and smelter as
a result of the policy of retrenchment.
The Democrata also was reported to
be cutting its forces.
Because of physical conditions and
Fcr the purpose of formulating plans
t which returning sailors and aol-
By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. Secretary j
Daniels w rote Mayor Smith of Phila-1
del lila today that unless the munici- j
pal authorities immediately improve
vice conditions in Philadelphia, steps I
Jiers woind be placed in local em
ployment immediately upon their ar
rival in the district, and for the set
tlement of the question of designat
ing a centralized employment bureau
citizens of the district met at 8
o'clock last night at the Y. M. C. A.
building
! J
community board,
hiirh nnet r,f material hoth nf ttiese ' inn the object of me meeting air.
properties, which normally are con- White said, that for the betterment
sidered high cost producers, the mar- of the district there should be closer
gin of profit per pound of copper has I co-operation between employers and
become dangerously narrow for them, i employes through a central employ
it is reported. An additional burden j meut bureau.
upon' their production is the bullion j That discharged soldiers and sailors
tax of two cents per pound, wnicn wotiiu oe proviuea wuu Kiiipwj mem
will be taken by the government "to
give the needed protection to th
thousands cf young men in uniform
who must either visit Philadelphia or
be denied the liberty which ought
to be given them."
Mr. Daniels' action was taken after
I a conference with Secretary Baker, at
C. White, chairman of the county : ""v ,,....ir.Cu i,u.u
nreslded In slat- L.icuie:iuut jioiifi i.iifinr i. nan.u,
uie uay reperseiuauve at ruiiauci-
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
THE BANK OF BISBEE
! AT BISBEE, IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA, AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS
DECEMBER 31, 191C
i RESOVRCES:
X'nited States Certificates of Indebtedness
Call Loans in New York
' Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors
: Due from Directors
Overdrafts -
i United States Bonds
State, County aud Municipal Bonds
Other Bonds, Stocks. Securities, etc
i Banking House -
Real Ktsate
! Specie I 50.S91.25
'. Legal Tender and National Bank Notes 145.592.00
Exchanges for Clearing 8,948.01
; Due from State and National Banks, Approved Re
1 serve Agents .. - 373,332.52
Due from State and National Banks not Reaerv
Agents - 37.32363
550.4S.7i
600.000.00
1.05.559.53
None
393 47
240.01995
154.464.76
140.S65.la
35.30603
5.19SS7
must be paid at the border upon ever;
bar of bullion exported from Mexico.
SHIPPING PARALYZED
T!r Review Leased Wire)
BI'EN'OS AIRES, Jan. 8- Shipping
was assured by Arthur Notman, rep
resenting G. H. Dowell, general man
ager of the Phelps Dodge corporation,
who was unable to be present, and
who said that since December 1. 0
of the former employes of the com
pany who have beeu in the military
has vitrttally been paralyzed by ai srrvice have been reinstated in their
strike of marine workers and no ves-1 frmer positions and that 40 dis
pel riuier the Argentine flag is being cnrj;ed military men who have never
r.ived, the crews of the snips Jiav-
Ing deserted them. This cuts off com
municatiou with Montevideo, Asuncion
and other river ports.
Foreign shipping is also being hamp
ered hy the strike of the tug crews.
been in the employ of the company
I a.. .1,. -..II
I uie iiuv. uii L.it-ii i'kjiuii.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
U lit III! ! it!; Ll Hi IS t UHl Mi !rfi 11 1 ; i: iv'V. yjrvrJtl
km Wmmmmm'- '"mm
mmmsmw i I ron mi msr w v -tva .-s . : tat
, i llrllillli: tin: .il II I 1:1 .U' H. I i'l "ill In I ll 'I J' V M "V J II L
n' HI'! I -HM" " l ll M ' M I' I I ll ill 1 it I UK I M 'Vt -M A 1 ; 7.1-
.I'fl't 'hi ! li t'li A' h iiljipii V f J j
...il n ll li' t.-i : ll i I'
j'i;ii,il iiiiiii ii Ml hi h
. ;!i':iil li i lllll! ii i ntit i
Iirt l!ii H liiiiiiii il jlli I i I II P
p i 4 j. ? k$ i
F. M. blocker, assistant superin
tendent of the Caiumet & Arizona
company smelter at Douglas., was in
attendance and also gave his assur
ances that the company's interests in
i Douglas would co-operate to the full-
est extent with the local concerns in
I affoiding employment to men return
ing from the country's lighting forces.
It was unanimously acknowledged
that a central employment bureau
would be of great benefit to both the
employer and employe and it was
voted that that bureau should be
placed in charge of W. R. Ashurst.
, agent for the government employment
j biireau's local office. Several in
quiries from commanding officers sta
; tinned at different points in the coun
try, asking whether men discharged
from military service could find em
ployment here have been received.
Answers to these inquiries have been
in the affirmative.
Among those present at the meet
ing were: K.t A. Putnam, secretary
of the Y. M C. A.; Clint Moon, em
ployment agent of the Phelps Dodge
corporation. Copper Queen branch; H.
J. Wilbert, labor representative; J. C.
Ryan. H. Cox and J. C. Clouthler.
$t3UKltMii V rfifff Ml
fcrjvi.:Kln;jt..!ii!!!iim
WW. Ilille ! f pit
i .
T SUFFER
4
Use Soothing Musterole
phia, showing that vice conditions
were as bad now es they were Ia.it
spring when Mayor Smith began a
crusade at the request of the naval
secretary.
After referring to the previous cor
respondence and the improvement ef
fected by the Philadelphia authorities,
Secretary Daniels' letter said:
"I am informed that conditions in
Philadelphia have reverted, as far
as the protection as to sailors and sol
diers is concerned to the old con
ditions which prevailed prior to my
communication to you last spring, and
that the change of your policy was
made in violation of the promise
which you made to Colonel Hatch, the
representative of the navy depart
ment. "In view of the seriousness of the
situation, fraught as it is with grave
consequences, we must insist that dur
inir the neriod of demobilization the
n'ltlritlaa at Ph il:l ftel Tth in will Rlin- 1
press prostitution and other vicious
conditions and entrust this duty to
those who are able to cope adequate
ly with the situation. The necessity
of such action is cpiiie if not even
mom important in the period of de
mobilization than in the period of mo
bilization. "I have had a conference with the
secretary of. war. with reference to
the conditions atP hiladelphia and t
am writing to you to say that we are
both in accord and unless necessary
action is taken to give adequate and
full protection to the soldiers and
sailors in Philadelphia, steps will be
taken as will give the needed pro
tetteion to the thousands of young
men in uniforms who must either visit
Philadelphia or be denied by the war
and naval authorities the liberty
which ought to be given them. It is
our duty to see that they have the
same wholesome surroundings in
Philadelphia that are afforded them in
other cities and this duty will not be
evaded."
Liberty Loan Installments -
War Saving Certificates and Thrift Stamps
Mexican Money, Gold Value -
Revenue Stamps
Total
LIABILITIES:
Capital Stock paid in
Surplus -
Unidvided Profits. Less Current ExpeMce
Taxes and Interest paid
Individual Deposits Bubject to check .
Savings Deposits - -
Demand Certificates of Deposit - .
Time Certificates of Deposit
Certified Checks
Cashier's check outtsanding
Due State and National Bunks
Due Federal Reserve Bank, account 4th Liberty loan
Reserve for Taxes and Interest
and
ZZZ $2,047,283.89
951.364.64
3.095.00
65.252.54
27.440.49
34.72062
39.9S3.S1
616.086.43
177.489 55
1.202 30
2.988.90
58.24
$3,610.132 03
$ 50.000.00
60.000.00
165.291.75
3.169.14295
130.0f0 00
25.697.33
$3,610,132.03
Total - - -
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, rs.
I. C. S. THOMPSON, Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear
that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
C. S. THOMPSON.
Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Stb day of January. 1919.
C. T. WASHPURN'.
Notary Public.
My commission expires April 29. 1922.
(Correst Attest M. J. CUNNINGHAM.
K. E. ELUNWOOD.
Directors.
VALIDATE CONTRACTS
SAY, youH have a streak of smokeluck that'll
put pep-in-your-smokemotor, all right, if you'll
ring-in with a jimmy pipe or cigarette papers and
nail some Prince Albert for packing I
and the
row.
Just between ourselves, you
never will wise-up. to high-spot-smoke-joy
until you can call a pipe
by its first name, then, to hit the
peak-of-pleasure you land square
on that two-fisted-man-tobacco,
Prince Albert !
Well, sir, youH be so all-fired
happy youH want to get a photo
graph of yourself breezing up the
pike with your smokethrottle wide
open ! Talk about smoke-sport!
Quality makes Prince Albert so
appealing all along the smoke line.
Men who never before could
smoke a pipe and men who've
smoked pipes for years all testify
to the delight it hands out! P. A.
can't bite or parch! Both are
cut out by our exclusive patented
process!
Right now while the going's
good you get out your old jimmy
pipe AY the papers and land on .
some P. A. for what ails your
particular smokeappetite !
When those sharp pains go shooting
1 through your head, when your skull
seems as if it would split, just rub a
little Musterole on your temples and
neck. It draws out the inflammation, I st at us
; soothes away the pain, usually giving
quick relief.
' Musterole is a clean, white ointment,
made with oil of mustard. Better than a
mustard plaster and does not blister.
Many doctors and nurses frankly rec
ommend Musterole for sore throat, bron
chitis, croup, stiff neck, asthma, neural
cia. congestion, pleurisy, rheumatism.
lumbago, pains and aches of the back or
oints. sprains, sore muscles, bruises,
1 chilblains, frosted feet colds of the
' chest (it often prevents pneumonia). It
', is always dependable.
30c and bile jars; hospital size $uu.
(Bf Ri-vlew I.ennert Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. Considera
tion of legislation to make valid ap
proximately 6600 informal contracts
for war supplies held hy American
manufacturers, aggregating $1,675.
000,000, and 8000 foreign contracts,
also involving large sums of money,
was begun today in the house, under
a rule giving the measure a privilege
Debate was net completed.
bill went over until tomor-
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
THE BANK OF LOWELL
AT LOWELL, IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA, AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS
DECEMBER 31. 1918
RESOURCES:
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors $ 120.841.69
Due from Directors - None
Overdraft , - 33.16
United States Bonds 20.000.00
Other Ponds, Stocks. Securities, etc. 10.8Sl.li
Specie - $ 3.358.87
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes 10.812.00
Other Cash Items 22.19
Due from State and National Banks, Approved Re
serve Agents - 36.625.31
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Third Liberty Loan Sub. account .
Fourth Liberty Loan Sub. account '..
War Saving Stamps .'.
Total ..
LIABILITIES:
Capital Stock paid in -..
Surplus
Undivided Profits, Less Current Expenses and
Taxes and Inteerst paid ....
Individual Deposits subject to check
Cashier's check outstanding
Reserve for Taxes
185,856.35
2.900.44
S0.S 18.37
671 50
9.150.00
52.71
$ 212.443 53
$ 15.000 00
1,500.00
6.333.38
188,736. 79
598.41
$ 212.448.58
Total -
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, es.
I. W. P. COWAN, Cashier of the abova named bank, do soelmnly swear
that the above statement Is true to the beat of my knowledge and belief.
W. F. COWAN. '
Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this tth day of January. 1919.
C. T. WASHBURN.
.Notary Public.
ilj commission expires April 29. 1922.
(Correct Attest) M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Directors.
CtWlhl It It
ft H.J He'
Ymm buy Princ Albert mvmrywhmrm tobacco im mold. Toppr rmJ bag;
tidy red tin; handmomm pound mnd half poand tin humidors and
thmt clatty, practical pound crymtat glmmm humidor with apongm
motitwner top that keep 9 thm tobacco in such perfect condition.
TL J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. Wintton-Salem. N.
MM
Get Rid of That
Persistent Cough
Btop that weakening, persistent coueh
or cold, threatening throat or lunff
atTectioni". with Eckmana Alterative,
the tonic and upbuilder of W years"
eui'i'psBful ure. Cc anil Sl.W bottles
from drupRlFts. or from
KCK MAN LAiiOitATOur, Philadelphia
I
Practical Mining Course
NEXT LECTURE:
"BREAKING GROUND IN DRIFTS"
By J. T. McGARRY, Foreman Gardner
Y. ffl. C. A. January 9tb, 1919. - 1:00 and 7:00 P. EI. SEVEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under" this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 2o ceuls.
Advertisements must reach TJe Keview office not Uter than 8 ?. in. for insertion in next morning, paper
For Sale
FOR SALE 160 acres, good house I
and outbuildings, plenty of water, j
See owner, 110 Opera Drive corner
Broadway-and Central school. "77
FOR SALE One four-room house
with bath, two lots. Reasonable
terms. Would take a good car and
small cash payment on it. Call .aft- i
er 4:30 p. m. 22i llazzard street,!
Warren. i
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l j
condition. Price $450. Terms r
rangea. ai-pij ruiu 6a.fcc.
son addition.
74T
FOR SALE New Chickering Parlor
G:and piano, terms. Also White
iciary sewing 'machine. Second
se past hospital, right side boule-
. .a. Warren. Kennedy. 735
1'Ja SALE Wagon, strawling hack.
D. F. Woolen, Cochise. 571
FOR SALE OR TRADE For real
estate, late model five . passenger '
Chevrolet". E. E. Ross, Hovland
street. Warren. 742 j
FOR SALE To cash buyers only, gen- j
nine farm land, anesan water, shape .
for immediate planting. 160 acres i
land. Leave your home address, i
Box 1?57, Bisbee. 776
FOR SALE Studebaker "four," sev
en passenger, 117 model, periect
condition, looks like new. Cbll 17
Tombstone canyon, Loughlin ' ave
nue, or Phone 59S. 749
FOR SALE Three rooms of furni
ture, house for rent. 57 Roberts
avenue. Mason hill. 7o5
FOIl SALE Four room house furnish
ed. 16 Upper Lowell. Box "B," Re
view. 706
FOR SALE Four room modern
house, 40xltM lot, near Bukerville
hotel. Box XX, Review. 7ut :
j
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment ;
house. 163 Opera Drive, or Phone j
Blue 711. 713
sev-
FOR SALE Studebaker four'
en passenger. Fine condition, al
ways driven by owner. E. H. Wick
em, brown bungalow across subway
from Lincoln' school. Phone Red '
625. 729!
FOR SALE Five passenger Buick.
little six. See Snideler, on the jit-'
ney service.
SPECIAL SALE On portable staud
lamps. Silk, mahogany and art glass. ,
Eugene Stevens Electric Shop. 24- (
FOR SALE OR RENT Furnished j
house, four rooms. Apply Dick
Johns, South Bisbee. 24S
FOR SALE One four room house j
and cabin furnished. beautiful
yard. Terms. Hcgaa fc Seed. 247 i
FOR SALE Four room modern '
house, screened-in porch and sleep-!
ing porch, good well, large lcv.-l
ground with 2o fruit. trees, chicken
yards and houses, glrage and ware
house, located Tombstone canyon,
desirable location. See Gus Haigler,
the Main street real estate man.
280
FOR ' SALE Seven room modern
house, with bath, sleeping porch.
large cement porches, two wells. fOli RENT Two furnished house
water system installed, for house , keeping rooms. No. 26 Johnson ad
and garden purposes, large level io. j dition. " 741
garage for two cars, orchard of 60:
fruit trees. This is a choice loca- FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms,
tion in Tombstone canyon, right on I suitable for light housekeeping for
the car line. For price and terms
see Gus Haigler, the Main street j
real estate man, opposite postoffice.
279 j
FOR SALE Thoroughbred Coilie
pups. Call Phone 376-R-l, between 7
a. m. and 4 p. m. 2S5
FOR SALE Cement house in War
ren. Nice location for home or in
come. Terms. Box 1749, Bisbee. 635
FOR SALE Studel.aker four, seven
passenger, good condition. Will
trade for lighter car; also have Over
land truck. Niels Lursen. fifth
house above tar barn on Haztard
street. Warren. 246
FOR SALE Marx rooming
house,
Lowell. Inquire upstairs. Cash j
proiKJsition. Daniel O'Neill, proprie-'
tor. 607 .
FOR SALE
ard, well.
-Cheap, my home, crch-j
garage, lot laexlCO, by
Garfield school, Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirchner. 56S
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house with privilege of renting the
house. Call 126 Art hill, near Luun-1
drv hill. 5J4
FOR SALE Four room house partly '
furnished. Flayer piano, standard !
make, and garage. . Inquire M. L.
Brown, or Joe Western, South Bis
bee.
-,7n 1
FOR SALE Furniture.
Tri-ii house. I
Jones hill. 5So
FOR SALE Furniture for two rooms.
Inquire A. B. Walker, 97 B Chihui-!
lma hill, above Buuen grocery More,'
Naco road. ???
FOR SALE The Pr'ssure cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Martrcss Works. 54S
FOR SALE Five
room furnished
house. For particulars inquirelOl
upper Lov
,. ,,ti ' i
FOR SALE Upright p.ano, standard J
make, nearly new, purt on time. Ad-,
dress. P. O. Box 6H. Warruu. 6io!
FOR SALE Player piano, oak cusc.
nearly iifw. at u bargain, easy pay
ments. A Z. Mfgvie, jcwelei, Lo
well.
FOR SALE l.nealied lor tuiu.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz.
Wanted
WANTED Gas plate or range, lint-
leum, carpet,
Z., Review.
dishes, furniture, etc.
803
WANTED Cash for Liberty bonds.
Cash for receipts for bonds. Room
1, Bisbf-e hotel, over French cafe.
,: 743
WANTED Rabbits, one male and two
does. Belgian hares or New Zea
land. Reds. -Good stock only con
sidered. Phone 670, Bisbee. 750
- Xxtd - To buy. United Arizona
j,-,. vour nrice in your re-
i ply. Box A Z, Review.
730
WANTED Small cook stove or coal
range. Phone Green 840. 714
WAN"ED--Three or four room furn
ished house or apartment in War
ren. References exchanged. S., care
Review. 250
WANTED To rent, a three to five
room" furnished cottage. H. C, care
Review. 612
WANTED Sewing. Will go and sew
by day; also will care for children
and help with housework. Phone
Black 513. - . 572
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Colored porters. Apply
shoe department, Phelps Dodge Mer
cantile company. 804
WANTED First class
Apply Electric Shoe
street.
shoemaker.
Shop, Main
710
WANTED General ranch hand, $40
and board. K. E. Silvcy, R. F. D. 1.
Box 77, MiNeal, Ariz. 707
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to do general
housework. Chris Calvird, Wood
canyon. 700
For Rent
FOR RENT Two furnished house-
keeping rocms. 102 Higgins hill. 633
FOR RENT-t:Two rooms unfurnished.
176 Naco road, Holbrook stop. 77J
FOR RENT Room in private family,
men preferred. Apply 69 Roberts,
Mason hill.' 7S0
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.
Branson block, Johnson addition.
No children. 786
FQR RENT-r-Three furnished rooms.
,s Johnson JobQ&Qu
tion.
FOR RENT Room with private fam
ily, Warren. Inquire Warren Drug
company. 743
FOR RENT Three nicely furuishca
rooms with all accommodations for
housekeeping Montana street. No.
35, Johnson addition. 746
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
$21. Apposite Gibson Mines Lum
ber company. 21 Curve street. 733
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 61 Laundry hill. 734
FOR RENTi Four
furnished
rooms.
740
76 Quality hill.
teacher, or couple. , Three blocks
east of C. & A. office, 208 Hazzard
street- Harry J. King, or Phone No.
1 Monday. 7S2
FOR RENT Four room house, Laun
! dry hill, good location. Mrs. Bel!,
i Phono Blue 434. 74S
FOR RENT Furnished heated rooms,
' lad' or gentleman. 14 Brooks apar.
', nients, O. K. street. 775
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment, next door to Dr. Bledsoe,
Mourner apartments. 773
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 37 Laundry hill,
, Metz stop. Apply for particulars
Nelson Marr, Brownlee house. Ma
son hill. 277
FOR RENT Nice quiet room for one
or two gentlemen. 76 Brewery v
nuc. " 70:
FOR RENT Five room
bath and furnished.
house and
237 School
699
hill.
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, no children. No. 3 Bauer
hill.- 703
FOR RENT FurnUhed
block irom ball park,
My berg, Warren.
room, one
Mrs. H. K
in
1'OIt RENT One two-room apart-
j nii'iit, one two-room house, close in
PliLuie L'luck 571. 709
IFOR RIJNTt Four room house, furn
isbtsd.
dition.
'.'.h Idaho sureet, Johnson ud-
Call alter 2 p. ni. 711
FOR .RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hill, V.
G. Shearer. ' 712
FOR UKNT
biock from
Mybcrg.
-Furnished
hall Park.
room, one
Mrs. H. F,
241
-
tOK Kt.M . 0 lurnisneu
apart
nents. Over Odom Motor company
011 .N,aio road, inquire al apartment
No. 1. 60S
FOR RENT -Large otfice room, good
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575
j-S foil RENT 1'asture for grazing cat
"il ' tie b month. Samuel Leieudeck r.
Ij't Hereford, Ariz. C4-
Positions Wanted
W ANTED Position as general ofiice'ne's: t0 nuild- construct, maintain.
man. Am bookkeeper and stcuo-'
craDher. Can furnish references. V i
a D-, in- rv7 1
WANTED Capable young woman
wants day work, cooking and seiv -
ing a specialty. Are you giving a din
ner? Let me help you. Mrs. J. M.
Hentley. Phone Blue 771. 737
7 '
WANTED Position by experienced dea in reaJ estate and personal prop
stenographer, good references. R. S., ertv f cverj- nature and description;
Review. 6i7 , ei To acauire. Durchase. sell, trans-
WANTED-Teinorary or permanent
employment by capable steno
grapher. Box J. S., Review. 640
Lost
LOST Star canyon, three-fourths i
carot diamond. Finder please re-1 ,
turn to D. O., P. O. Box 22u7 for j
reward. 7i6 !
LOST Purse with small amount of !iess; and to encage in every kind or
silver and silk handkerchief, on ' business not prohibited by law the
night of January 7. between Brew-1 same ln all respects as a natural per
ery Gulch and Jiggerville. Leave at ; sptl might or could do.
Review office. 805 ARTICLE IV.
LOST Ring of keys, between Quality :
hill and postoffice. Phone 11. 73:
LOST Two black and tan lemaie
hounds. Dogs lost in hills back of
Warren. $10 reward for recovery
and return to city police station, or
Oscar Oilman, at Junction mine. 774
LOST Buach of keys, lock and short
chain, on road approaching Briggs
shaft from South Bisbee. Finuer
please notify Phone 6S9, of Box 665.
Warren. Reward. 252
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE Good bungalow ;
. , ,., , i
equity of about $1200 in Los Aug'jles.
,. . T , . .
i am iwiii.u uwuou . ico4 Calais. ,
What have you? Would assume.
Address Owner. 118 S. Townsend
street, Los Angeles, Calif. 256 ,
TO TRADE For car. east
El
Paso
695 1
lots. Apply Black 730.
f1irfnanpni
.
MAKE $50 A WEEK EASY
Writ 1
for particulars. Applv Box A Z, Re- -"-: o. uicunHirauou ae.iv
. vjew 731 ered t0 11 by the Uorporation Com
" mission; and it shall continue for a
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully t
fitted. Ines Warburton, next An-
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive. j
677 ;
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 26S
SCECOND KAXQ CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
25c.
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal ncte to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline i
building. 166 i
egal Notices
.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.
State of Arizona, office of the Arizona
C orporation Commission, United
States of America, State of Arizona
ss. The Arizona Corporation Com-
mission does hereby certify that the
annexed is a true and complete
transcript of the Articles of Incorp-
oration cf the Dividend Fault Min-
ing Company, which were filed in
the office of said Arizona Corpora-
iion commission on tne inn aay oi
November, A. D. 1918. at 10 o'clock
a. in., as provided by law.
In testimony whereof. The Arizona
Corporation Commission, by its Chair
man, has hereunto set its hand and
affixed its otfiirfal seal. IKine at the
city of Phoenix, the Capitol, this 13th late debts and liabilities o; tins corpo
day of November, A. I). 191S. ration.
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMIS- IN WITNESS WIiEKEOF. We have
SION, T. A. JONES, hereunto set our hands and seals this
Chairman. 1 4th day of November. A. I). 1918.
Attest: Margaret Aeplls,
(SEAL) Acting Set rotary. '
Articles of Incorporation of the Divi
dend Fault Mining Company. ,
Know All Men by These Presents: j
That we, the undersigned, R. A.
Bretherton. John McGregor and Fred Public in and for the County of Co
Sutter, all residing in the City of Bis- ehise. State of Arizona, on this day
bee. Cochise County, State of Arizona, personally appeared R. A. Brether
and whose postoffice addresses are ton, John McGregor and Fred Sutter,
Bisbee. Arizona, have associated our- known to me to be the persons whose
selves and do hereby associate our- names are subscribed to the foregoing
selves for the purpose of forming a instrument, and cadi of said persons
corporation under the laws of the statej and acknowledged to me that
State of Arizona, and do hereby adopt they executed the same for the pur
the following Articles of Incorpora- poses nl censideration therein ex
tion: l pressed. ' ,
ARTICLE I. Given under my hand and se:il of
The name of this corpora shall offii c this 4th d.iv of November. 191S.
be and Is, The Dividend Fault Mining
Company.
ARTICLE II I
The names of the incorporators are
K. A. Bretherton. John McGregor, and
Fred Sutter; and the principal place ;
of transacting the business of this,
corporation shall be in the City of
Bisbee. said County and Stute. v.irh'
such other branch oflices as may be
authorized by the board of directors.'
ARTICLE II..
The general nature ot the business
proposed to be tarritd on and trans- i
acted by ihis corporation is aul t-hall !
be as follows, to-wit:
(at To acquire by purchase, grant,
concession, location, or any oih.T
lanful means, mines, mining claims,
and mini I!.: ruhH; water rizhts. . :t:cr
ditches, power plants, and pipe lines:
a'ud real estate and personal proor!y
of eci undue ami description.
b) To construct and operate tele-
! graph and telepboue lines; to con-
nr'iri and operate ra lrouds neres-1
s...y 1.1 the operation o! mints, rcills.
;ecui.:i,n plants, anil smelter owned,
; operated by this corporation; and
..) r.'.-.:iuIactuTe pas and eltvt ru.it,
..ni t. use and sell the same;
' (e) To transact a general minimi.
! mi.litir, red.icing, and smelting busi-
' .....-........,
duotion plants for the purpose
of
s.iKMtinc milhne
and reducing ores
1 nil a niinerais in me piosecuuon 01 11s ,
i said business, including the building j
iof waterworks, canals, reservoirs, pipe ;
lines, roads, and tramways;
(d) To sell, lease, mortgage, and
tivimtliu. otA paul unci nurantlnl nrnn.
ertv of everv kind: and, generally, to
fer, assign and hypothecate the
gtoks 8eCurlties of orpo-'from
rations and, t-specially, the stocks.!
bonds and securities of this corpora- j
tion; and to lend money and to bor
row money;
f) To issue its own notes, bonds,
and obligations of every kind and de-
: scription;
(s) To transact a general mining,
manufacturing, and mercantile busi-
The amount of the authorized cap-
ital stock of this corporation is ninety
thousanl dollars ($90,000.00), divided
'into ninetythonsand (90.000) shares
of the par value of one dollar ($1.00)
each; and the time when and the con
ditions upon which the said capital
, stock is to be paid for shall be as
i prescribed by the board of directors
! of this corporation; provided that
stock of this corporation may be
issued in payment for property, prop
erty rights or privileges, or services,
and the judgment of the directors as
to the value thereof, in ti'.e absence
of fraud, shall be conclusive; and pro
vided further, that the directors ma
'' .t . TT.... T. i
" itr? man eai iu kick uimiuuu
,K !,, , .. .
the interest of the corporation de-
mjj(jg
such action.
ARTICLE V.
The time of the -ommencement of
this corporation will be as soon as
these articles of incorporation are
torporation lomnnssioner ot Art-
ona. and a certified copy thereof re-!
corueu iu me omce oi tne county
Recorder of said Cochise County, and
period of twenty-five (25) years there-
after.
ARTICLE VI.
T1,-e affairs of this corporation shall
neconuuetea by a board of not less
than three (3) nor more than five (5)
directors, who shall be elected by the
stockholders at their annual meeting
which shall be held on the second
Wednesday in January of oat h year.
The directors of this corporation,
until the first annual meeting of the
stockholders and until their succes-
I sors are elected and have qualified,
j shall be and are, R. A. Rretherton,
I John McGregor and Fred Sutter.
: The officers of ttii3 corporation
I shall be, a President, a Vice-Presi-j
dent, a S(iretary. and a Treasurer.
! who shall be elected by the board of
j directors from among tnemselves im
j mediately after the election of such
directors each year. The offices of
! PfVTPlMl-i' SNfl Tr;irjiiltrd, mat la kaU
Dy one ana tne same person,
The directors and officers of thi
corporation shall hold office for one !
year next ensuing their election and
; UIlt" their successors are elected and
.have qualilied.
The officers of this corporation.
until the first annual meeting of the
stockholders and until their succes-
sors are elected and have qualified,
shall be and are as follows: John
M. McGregor. President; R. A. Breth-
erton. Yice-Presider.t; Fred Sutter,
S-'crctary and Treasurer,
ARTICLE VII.
The highest amount of indebtedness I
or liability to which' this corporation!
is ai any time to sunject Itself to, is
the sum of fifty thousand dollars
($50,000.00.)
ARTICLE VII f.
The private property of tl.o stock
holders and officers of this corpora
tion shall l,e o.wmpt from the corpo-
R. A BRETHERTON,
JOHN M.GRKGOR.
FRED SUTTER.
STATE OF ARIZONA.
County of Cochise ss:
Before me. John W. Hogaa, a Notary
fSEAL.) .'OIIN W. HOGAN,
Ncfury r.il.!k in and for the Co.imy
o" Cool: !., ia'c- of Arizona. i
My i ,:ii!iii-si').i expires .lnri h Mh,
lr..
Filed in the ollice of the Arizona
(': rp r.:lii -i CcmmhMoii thi:-- lltli day
of November. A. I. ISIS, at lM:m a.
t:i.. fit request of Fi"d Sutler, whose
pcsinlfi.e address is r.islx e, Arizona.
AKI.O.W CORPORATION COMMIS
SION. B. F. A. Jones, flii.f Clerk.
First pub icalion. Jai.uarv S. litis.
Mrs. Jones Is hen
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING, l-'n m the beginning to the
highest pe. ectio:i. Free voice trial.
Jl'iic.ni! lire, i! 7-'l for iippoiutlii-iil.
ATHLETIC EVENTS
SLATED IN FRANCE
l!y KfVli w I.fswi Wire)
PARIS. Jan. 8. An etxensive organ
ized effort will be made to develop
" "'" .v-uin-
ary force during the next few months,
Through the orKanizeih direction of
entertainments, also, it whl be aimed I
to bring out and develop the enter
taining talent the army affords.
The efforts in both these directions
will have the active co-operation of
the Y. M. C. A., the Knights of Colum
bus, the Salvation Amis and other
welfare organizations, with authority
General Pershn-g,
Competitive sports as well as purely
athletic exercises will be arranged in j
each division and corps.
ABROGATE ELIGIBILITY RULE
(I'y Review teased Wlre
NEW YORK, Jan. S. Temporary
abrogation of the rule requiring ap
proximately six months' residence at
college before a student is eligible to
compete in an intercollegiate associa
tion of amateur athletics of American
championship event has been pro
posed by the executive committee of
that organization. Letters have been
sent to all the colleges and universi
ties of the association calling atten
tion to a meeting of the committee
here January 26, at which the pro
posed amendment will be considered.
MINORS ASK REPRESENTATION
(Hy Review l-a-nvl Wire)
CHICAGO, Jan. 8 John M. Powers,
president of the Los Angeles Baseball
club tonight joined President Hickey
of the American association and A. K.
Tearney, president of the Three I
league, in the movement for minor
l.i'i.rtwi nMiruiinljIirin . 1 1. t l T1 'I t i .1 T! 1 1
baseball commission.
Powers will represent the Pacific
Coast league at the meeting of the
National Association of Minor leagues
ln New York January 14.
JAMES O'ROURKE DEAD
niMDlJEHORT. Conn.. Jan. S.
James O Rourke, former major league
baseball player, died at his home here
today of pneumonia. O'Rourke played
with several major league teams, and
for over 13 years his batting aver
age exceeded 3o0. Later he was iden
tified with the Eastern league.
RUSSIAN CASUALTIES LOW
(lly Rhvk w Leased Vlie
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Total
deaths among the American expedi
tionary forces in northern Russia to
January' 4 were given us six officers
and 126 men in a cablegram received
at the war department today from
Col. James E. Ruggies. American mili
tary attache wilh Ambassador Fran
cis at Archangel.
The casualties were given as fol
lows: Killed in action and died of wounds,
3 officers and 57 men.
Died of disease, 2 officers and 63
men.
Accidentally killed. 4 enlisted men.
Drowned. 1 officer and 2 men.
Missing in action, 16 enlisted men.
Wounded in action. 159.
Accidentally wounded. 15.
Colonel Ruggies said the equipment
of the troops was complete, the health
of the troops excellent and the moale
very good. Food conditions were de-
scribed as very good, the greatest de
fect being the lack of fresh vegetables.
KIDNEY TROUBLE
OFTEN CAUSES
SERIOUS BACKACHE
When your back aches, and your
bladder and kidneys seem to be dis
ordered, go to your nearest drug store
and get a bottle of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root. It is a physician's pre
scription for ailments of the kidneys
and bladder.
It has stood the test of years and
has a reputation for quickly and effec
tively giving results in thousands of
casts.
This preparation so very effective,
has been placed on sale everywhere.
Get a bottle, medium or large size, at
your nearest druggist.
However, if you wish first to test
this preparation send ten cents to Dr.
Kilme- & Co.. Biimhamton, N. Y., for
a sample bottle. When writing be sure
and mention the Bisbee Daily Review
GREAT VICTORY
SALE
Coats, Furs, Dresses
anil
Coats. S33.0J to 5430)0. now. .S24.95
Cots, $50.C0 to $CS.OO. now.. $37.50
Sul Sets Scarfs and Muffs,
regular $65 CO and $75.00,
Special $29.9i
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN
DRE3CES AND WAISTS
Sale Comircncmg Today. Will
Last Cos Week
FRUIXMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
Tailors for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering ill be found under their respective headings In these column.
BISBC& LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
ifyfrj Meeta every Friday
S"- night. Moose HalL
'''Z'l Visiting brothers cor-
Lir dlally Invited.
H L (ILEA SON.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. f.
meets every
' i rr Thursday
f s -PL evening at Odd
lia Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7 : 30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend
tla.l ph..,,e
OA. PLUNK ETT, N O
1. !;.- I'ER EUSTACE, Sec
Ki miAN SISTERS
Lilv Tert.;!o No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall VUitnK
-isters are cordially iQviteu.
illNNIE BU M. M. E. C
Phone Black SSI
DA GLAZE. M. of R. C
Box 147.-.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
days. 8 p. m..
J2&Z Eagles' Hail.
Visi:ors cor
dially wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDER SON. Secretary.
C. L. EO.ULNDSON. ierie i'tiysician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Rlrh&rd I Homestead 85a. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo-
vca hall. Visilintc Artners are cor
dlall invited.
F. W. TURN EH, Foreman,
Phone Black 46J
P. O. Box 9 SI, Warren.
. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1436.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 11. 1919.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chap. Reg.
Friday 2d Decree.
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. H. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in l. O,
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Vlsltlcg broth
ers cordlall)
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITH AN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee
,1
CITY DYE WORKS
Qaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
COOGAH
REVIEW WANT ADS
8RING RESULTS
KNIGHTS OF PVTHIAS
Rath bona Lodge No. -Knights
of Pythian
meets each Tuesdaj
(except second) in Ode
Fellows' Hall at 7:
p. m Visiting bromff
cordially mvited
rtOU I ON. C. I
M.-i A l.i .CM K -i I.
-Li
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday t 7:30
p. ni., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER Op EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic ha:
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meet,
in Masonic Hall se.ond aod
fourth Tuesday of ac
month it 1'31 ; m
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M,
I'hoae lbl. iinx Blu
MRS. JV:3SIE SEVAN. Seoy. P O
liox 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
I hone I6l.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets in I. O O F
Kali First snd Third
Satiu-days. Visits
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN, Jr., Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
f?Til BROTH ERH
f ipty T. F. B.
OOD
Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondayt
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
rich Hail. Visit
ling membeis cordially Invited
I B. F. MOSS. President
iMRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
Box 722 Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 16-21.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1241t
Sleets 1st Saturday
Uedigovich Hall
L L. MOTZ. Consu.
J. F. MATHEWSO
Clerk.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
KriONE 15 Oh SI.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Aetcactfully Solicits Vour
Patronags
PHONE 58
A Trial SoKcited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakervills
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposita Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bltlz , Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
V
4 '.W-VJ-W .'-" THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1919.
'
EIGHT
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertaineJ? If so, call The
Review Society EJitor, I'.lack CS1.
A. hospital yestonlny niominp. Htr; stone, was in ihe dty yesterday, uc
condition last everinp was reported ct mnanieM by his two brothers, J. V.
t'J be f.ivoruble to an ear'.y recovery, and ( T. Smith. J. V. Smith is a
n sider.t of Jerome and now is visit-
train from tho easi. Uieh reached
IJishet; 12 hours lieliind its schedule
lime on account of snowstorms in the
middle west.
TOMBSTONE MAN HERE.
A. C. Karger, a resident of Tomb
stone, is in the district on a short
Visit. , Jjiit
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered teieurams at the West
em Union for the tallowing: Hamil
ton E. Miller, Maria Gonzales, Mrs. D.
V. SieRhty, Leslie Clark. Sanford
Matthews, Cruz Valencia, Cou Htir-dado.
'it:.!? in Tombstone. His brother re
ctnily returned to the county seat
from Cair.p Punston. where he j;is u
ittreaut of iulantry.
HOWE IN TUCSON.
A. W. Howe left yesterday for Tuc
son to remain for a few days on busi-,
ness.
RECOVERS FROM INFLUENZA.
Mrs. RawJey, 59-B O K street, has
recovered from a severe attack of influenza.
BAND TO REHEARSE.
The second rehearsal of the boys'
V band will be held at the V. M. C. A.
building tonight.
LEAVES FOR CHICAGO.
After a visit with her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Pierre Mariotte of this city.
Miss kathenne Mariotte uopartert last ,he falnify resMenee in Johnson ad-
night for Chicago where she will le ,;tjon Rev
engaged in teaching in the public j Wll, ,(fN,.jate.
schools.
' in Evergreen cemetery.
YOUNGSTERS DAMAGE HOSE. ,
Considerable damage has been done
by small boys to tire hose anil oth'.r
eUi)inie::t of the piuall hose houses
in outlying districts of the city. Hose
has been pulled out of the racks and
the br.'ss connections cut off. while
nozzles have been so battered as 10
make them practically unusuable. Fire
Chief H. V. N'orum is invesiuatinn
with the intention, if possible, of
Charles V. Harshman ' learning tne identity or tne authors or
Interment will be marie the damage so that they may be pun
ished by the law.
DAY FUNERAL SERVICES.
Funeral services for William Har
vey Day. 50 years old. a veteran resi
dent of the Warren district who died
of pneumonia Tuesday afternoon, will
be held at :" o'clock this afternoon
Bisbee Auto company. 7:1". a. m., 1:30 , having claims asainst the said S. J. taring coinDany a.e requested to meet
p.m. Phone Lisbee 5. Adv. Johnson, shall present same in writing t city Hull. Friday. January 10.
jprjor to January IS, 1919. O'clock p. .:., to hear report on opera-
' COCHISE COl'N'TY HKiHWAY COM-. tion of second lift cum shafts, and
NOTICE ! .MISSION. i company's plans lor future business.
Notice is hereby given that S. J. J. J. P.OWEN. Chairman. '74 I- T. FRAZIKIi. Secretary.
Johnson has completed his grading : Attest : A. H. GARDNER. Sec.'y. 772
contract on the r.isbee-Kouglas road ' The greatest song rf all. P.e sure
ami that final payment for same will NOTICE j to get a copy of the latest song h't.
he made January 13. 1919. All persons , Stockholders of the Pitts Manufae- , Muir Music store. 42S
HAS KNEE HURT.
A. J. Urown. a miner at the Czar
shaft of the Phelps Hodge corporation,
sustained slight injuries at work yes
terday, his left knee being badly
bruised. He was given attention at
the company dispensary.
JOINS HUSBAND HERE.
Mrs. Ezra B. Rider arrived in
the
DEPARTS FOR COAST.
Dr. and Mrs. C. H. Hunt left last ev- ' district from San Antonio, Texas, yes
OFFICERS INSTALLED.
Officers of I'.isbee luj:e. No. 10. In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows, to
serve during tlfe ensuing year, were
installed at a meeting of the order last !
night by Grand Master E. A. Walkinsi
pnd other officer; The veteran Jewel'
was hestoweJ on a member of the Los
Angeles lodge. Following the instaN j
Business Locals
EAGLE THEATER M
They're Here at Last!--
lutiou refreshments were served.
ening for San Francisco to spend a. terdaj r to join net 'tataUNON SERVICES CONTINUED.
week on a visit.
IN FROM RANCH.
Charles Thomas was in
yesterday from his ranch
Tombstone canyon divide.
the
over
city
the
RANCHMAN AND WIFE HERE.
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Ciarkson ar
rived in yie district yesterday from
their ranch in San Pedro valley.
been discharged from militaiy service
and has resumed his position with the
Copper Queen Mining company.
HERE FROM GLEESON.
Mike J. Sullivan, justice of the
peace at Gleeson, arrived in the dis
trict yesterday for a short visit.
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
W. E. Childs, a well known mine
drill salesman, has arrived iu the city
from bis headquarters in Douglas.
IS SLIGHTLY INJURED.
Bernaid Conley. a carman at the
Sacramento shaft of the Phelps Dodge
company, was slightly injured yester
day when be was caught between a
car and a timber, his left side was
bruised. He probably will be off duty
for several days.
DR. HUGHART HERE
Dr H. H. Hughart of Tombstone,
ASSUMES CHARGE AS AGENT.
H. A. McCaughy, recently appoint
ed agent for the local station of the
El Paso & Southwestern railroad, has
assumed charge of the station. Mr.
McCaughy came here from Hachlta.
where he held a similar position with
the same company.
FROM LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. Clara Myers, formerly a resi-
was an arrival in the city yesterday, dent of this district and prominent in
He is a guest at the Copper Queen, j its social life, arrived in the city Tues-
i day night, accompanied by Miss Jose-
FROM EL PASO. ! phine Jacobs. They are registered at
Mr. and Mrs. R. Y. Williams and the Copper Queen hotel and probab'.y
daughter are in the city from El Paso, .will remain here several days.
being guests at the Copper Queen ho-
tel. GMEHLE IS REAPPOINTED.
Charles Mahan, recently named by
8TOCKMAN VISITS DISTRICT. (the beard of supervisors' as county
Jim Kinney, well known stockman sanitary officer, has refused the ap
of Abbott canyon, arrived in the diss- pointraent. Bert Gmehle, who for
trict yesterday for a few days' busi- merry held the office, was reappoint
ness visit. I ed by Dr. Harry A. Reese, the county
health officer, and now Is serving.
COUPLE MARRIED HERE.
Miss Elena Corrales and Jose Blan
co of Douglas, were married here late
Tuesday by Justice of the Peace
James Allison.
Rev. C. AV. Kirchbaum addressed
the union services at the Presbyterian
church last night, which was well at
tended. Rev. Kirchbaum emphasized
the feasibility of unified efforts on
part of all Christian bodies to win
the many nations to Christ. William
Mntthes, pastor of the Christian
church, will address tonight's meeting. :
CARD OF 1 HANKS
For the sympathy and help offered
us in our bereavement, we take thy
means of offering thanks and appre
ciation for the flowers given by the
Eastern Star, Fidelis Class, Modern
Woodman of America. Adawana
Camp Fire class, beys of Southwest
mine and friends. We thank vox
MR. AND MRS. W. J. HCTTERMAN
AND FAMILY,
MRS. HENRY H. HUTTERMAN AND
SON. ' , 7!7
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. stretL 552
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopatn, S Mason
j Hill, Muson car stop. Phone Blue 647.
MAKE RESIDENCE HERE.
Mr. and Mrs. Normand Scanland
of Douglas, have arrived in the dis-i ,rt,c.,1TL1 rnA,
trict and will make their future hoiiie i T , blacksmith coal
here, taking up their residence in the,: J: unloaded one car of Aja
Bert Fenner house on Higgins hill. ! """S coal. "phy Carriage corn
Mr. Scanland has only recently been j pany' Lowe"- 56
discharged from military service.!
where he received a commission as L. U Oilman Fel.'s the New Edison
second lieutenant. Mrs. Scanland is a j "rtle Phonograph With a Soul."
sister of Charley Hatcher, a well I
known shift boss. Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
BURNHAM IN CITY.
Presley Burnham, special agent for
the El Paso & Southwestern railroae,
is in the city for a brief stay, intend
ing to return to his headquarters in
IS APPOINTED DEPUTY. El Paso today. Mr. Eurnham former-
Sheriff J. F. McDonald has appoint-, ly was stationed here and in Douglas
ed Joe Hardwick, formerly a member ' and has many friends in this district.
of the police force here, to be his I
deputy at Douglas, replacing Percy j BENEFIT DANCE.
Bowden. For the benefit of the fatherless
children of France, women of the dis-
BACK TO TUCSON. I trict will tonight give a dance at the
Lawrence "Brick" Clark, manager Warren District Country club. The af-
of the Arizona Star, returned to his j fair was to have been held last Octo-
headquarters in Tucson yesterday aft-; ber but was postponed because of the
er spending ten days in this district j influenza epidemic. Everyone is in-
on business. vited to attend.
MOTOR FROM GLEESON.
John Gleeson, well known cattle I
and mining man, his son Emmet Glee-1
son, aged IS years, and his son-in-law,.
G. C. Pigeon, arrived in the city yes-j
terday afternoon from Gleeson, mak-i
ing the trip by automobile. Emmett
Gleeson recently was discharge! from
the army, having been stationed at
Camp Kearny. Mr. Pigeon also was
discharged at Camp Zachary Taylor,
where he had been attending the artil
lery officers training school.
Box 150. 27 Brcadway. Phono 436.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee,
v.
Jane and Katharine LEE
IN FILMS OF A THOUSAND CHUCKLES
"WE
SHOULD
WORRY"
The stormiest, .most impish Comedy Drama of the year..
Admission:
Children, 10c;
Adults, 15c;
This includes War Tax
STARTING TOMORROW
"Hearts of the World
RETURNS FROM LEAVE.
First Lt. John T. Coslar, dental
corps, arrived in Bisbee yesterday
and is a guest at the Copper Queen
hotel. He will leave today for Ft.
Huachuca, where he is stationed. Lieu
tenant Coslar has returned from Ko
koma and Indianapolis, Ind., where he
spent a leave of absence visiting rela
tives. He arrived here on the delayed
D
ANCE
Every Wednesday and
Saturday
Brophy Hall, Lowell
Dancing Everybody
8:15 Invited
Music by Arion Orchestra
(Seven Pieces) .
RESERVED SEATS NOW ON SALE
To-Day
ONLY!
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
LEAVES FOR SHREVEPORT. INJURED BY STONE.
After spending a furlough here with Painful but not serious injuries to
METRO PICTURES CORP. Presents
EMILY STEVENS
bis wife and parents, Ralph Verfuth
departed yesterday evening ftr
Shreveport, La., where he is stationed
on a naval vessel.
RETURNS FROM ARMY.
E. W. Gleeson has received his dis
charge from military service and has
returned to his home in Gleeson from
Camp Fremont, Calif. He was a visitor
In the district yesterday.
VISITING IN PHO'ENIX.
Mrs. Parker Woodman, Jr., and in
fant son, are making an extended visit ; transferred from the navy
his head were sustained shortly afte
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon by Wal
lace Tapp, miner in the Lowell mine,
when a stone fell down a chute, strik
ing him in the right temple. It was a j
few minutes after being struck before ,
Mr. Tapp could regain his equill
briutn.
STER
SON IS TRANSFERRED.
Mrs. Hanna Nelson has received a
letter from her son Carl, who former
ly was employed at the Junction ma
chine shop, stating that he bad been
in which:
in Phoenix with Hr. Woodman's pa
rents, Mr. and Mrs. Parker Woodman,
819 North Twenty-fourth avenue.
IS OPERATED ON.
Mrs. Henry May of South Bisbee
underwent an operation at the C. &
he enlisted, to Pelham Bay, N. Y.,
where he will attend school. Mrs.
Nelson has another son who is inthe
army in France.
1 Central Theater!
LOWELL Continuous 1:00 to U:00 p. m. .--TODAY
THE HALL CAINE MASTERPIECE
M "The DEEM
in eight parts, starring
DERWENT HALL CAINE
SON OF THE AUTHOR
The story is by Hall Caine, the greatest living author.
Its appeal in picture form is tremendous.
It is a BIG drama tliroughout
Also one of those delightful Christie comedies,
"JUST LIKE DAD"
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Paul Smith, postmaster at Tomb
P Adults 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
jEq Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
-IN-
"A
Man s
Word"
A d:araa of life as it is lived, also, HEDDA NOVE and J. FRANK GLENDON in
"THE WOMAN IN TOE WES"
Vitagraph's Marvelous Serial of Melodramatic Adventure. Episode 15
"OUT OF THE WEB"
SPANUTH'S ORIGINAL "VCD-A-VIL" MOVIES
Introducing six great acts of Vaudeville. And for a good laugh see
"Bright and Early"
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total. 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total ....10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
3
(COMING! -- Grand The
in. woav eno w
CAST INCLUDES Bft jk MO
t 11 fj L-N M H F-J li ti IJ
- COMING!
t -'.iiain"!i'iii1r'"i
mi jan.
and 12
CAST INCLUDES
Lillian Gisb
George Fawcett
Robert Harron
George Siegmann
o
arm
Gre
iili
J. J
ttST LS'aUDES
Henry Walthall
Maxfield Stanley
Rosemary Tneby
Gloria Rope
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:C0 to 11:00 TODAY
CLEO MADISON
In the Thrilling dramatic photodrama
in
An ARTCRAFT Picture With Practically the Same Cast as "THE BIRTH OF A NATION"
A Miorhtv Storv of Woman's Regeneration by War. The hand that rocks
the Cradle is the Hand that Can Wield a Weapon as Potent as the Sword,
"The Flame of the West
A vivid, red-blcoded drama cf the great out doors.
Also, JACK MULHALL and JUANITA HASEN in
the sixth episode of
"The Brass Bullet"
and ALICE HOWELL in her latest comedy
"CUPID vs. ART"
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total ... 5c
ter PiBor 35g. Balcony 25c. This Includes the War Tax. ! . WantTrR. Bu.
SHOWN ON THE COAST AND ALL LARGE CITIES AT $1.00, 75c and 25c. Ir1"'" f """
!