s.
COPPER PRICE
The average price of copper
for the week ending Novem
ber 5, was 21.0375 cents.
WEATHER
Arizona: Thursday and
Friday generally fair. Not
much change in tempera
ture. Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
BISBEE, ARIZONA, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL. 22 No. 269.
FEDERAL RAIDS
01 1. 1 1,
FOLLOW RIOTS
IN GENTRALIA
Many Arrests and Tons Lit
erature of Radicals Confis
cated in Several Cities As
Result of Tuesday Shooting
Shooting Is Caused
By Legion Activity
Haywood Says There Is No
Record of Any Branch of
Organization in Centralia;
Must Have Been Maniacs
CENTRALIA. Wash.. Nov.! 12. !
(By the Associated Press.) Cities or
western Washington joined Centralia
today in arresting: members of the
Industrial Workers of the World and
raiding their headquarters following
the firing on Armistice Day paraders
here yesterday. Four former Ameri
can soldiers are dead and a fifth is
reported dying as a result of the
shooting.
Twenty-two men and one woman,
reported to have radical beliefs, were
placed in jail here and later four of
the prisoners, including the woman,
were removed to the Lewis county
jail at Chehalis by national guards
men who patrolled Centralia today.
Raids were conducted in Seattle,
Tacoma and Aberdeen on the Indus
trial Workers' headquarters.
In Seattle eleven men and "tons of
literature," according to the police,
were taken to police headquarters.
The Tacoma police arrested 34 al
leged members of the Industrial
Workers and seized a quantity of
radical literature. At Aberdeen large
quantities of litrrature and the rec
ords of the Aberdeen local of the or
ganization were taken. .
Prosecuting Attorney Herman
Allen announced Dewey Lamb, 16-year-old,
who was arrested here as
an I. W. W., confessed to belonging
to the radical organization. The
boy, Allen declared, said he had
heard his father, James Lamb, who
was arrested, talking of a plot to
start trouble here yesterday. The
father, according to Allen, confessed
last night radicals had four former
service men marked for death be
cause of their activity in a fight
waged, by Centralia citizens to rid
the city of the I. W. W.
"The I. W. W. expected trouble
here yesterday and they were pre
Daren for it." Allen said. "When the
parade was almost over without trou
ble appearing they- decided to start it
themselves."
Dr. David Livingston, who served
in the war as a captain, one of the
four marked bv the I. W. W. for
death, according to Lamb's alleged
confession, is the coroner here. He
announced the inquest will be held
tomorrow over the bodies of the four
former soldiers.
The body of "Brick" Smith, report
ed to have been an I. W. W. secre
tary, was found in the Chehalis river.
The rone by which he was lynched
last night was cut early today and
the body fell into the river.
- Centralia was quiet today and
(Continued From Page Five)
A New Review Feature
It is with pleasure that The Review announces to
its readers this morning that it has secured for exclu
sive publication in this district the internationally fa
mous Morris cartoons, one of which will appear daily
on the editorial page of The Review, beginning with
this issue. The Morris cartoons need no introduction
to the American public. As an exclusive feature they
are sought by leading newspapers the nation over. Al
ready famous before the war for his , clever carrica
tures on political and economic subjects, Mr. Morris
sprang into world-wide prominence through the pathos,
humor and profoundity of grasp displayed in his car
toons on war subjects. Today he offers the readers
of The Review a humoresque on the 1920 political
situation. See it on the editorial page and smile. An
other just as good will appear in- The Review every
day. They will cover a wide range of subjects ver
satility is Mr. Morris's forte.
We are sure our readers are going to like Mr.
Morris. Tell your friends about this new feature
Morris Cartoons
IN THE
Bisbee Daily Review
Mystery Surrounds
Killing of Former
Honduras Consul
Near New Orleans
NEW ORLEANS, Nov 1.2. Mys
tery shrouded tonight the murder of
Dr. Leopoldo Cordova, Jr., former
consul for Honduras here, and the
wounding of his wife at a lonely
spot near the city last night.
Mrs. Cordova who had lain wound
ed all night in a ditch near the body
of her husband, was at the hospital
tonight near the point of death with
a bullet wound In the head. She
told an Incoherent story of an at
tack by men when the automobile
in' which she and her husband were
riding had stalled.
She has given two conflicting ' ac
counts, according to the police who
had to use an interpreter as she
speaks only Spanish.
She first said one man offered his
services as a chauffeur when they
were having trouble with the car
hnd drove them to the scene of tht
murder and there killed her husband
and struck her over the head.
A New Organization
of Farmers Formed
At Chicago Meeting
CHICAGO, Nov. 12. A new or
ganization of agriculturalists entered
the economic field of the United
States today with the preliminary or
ganization of the American Farm
Bureau federation. That is the name
expected to be officially chosen to
morrow.
Its purpose, it was said, is "to
protect the business, economic, so
cial and educational interests of ag
riculture and to represent the farm
ers of the whole nation.
About 500 delegates from farmers'
bureaus and associations in 32 states
attended the sessions which will be
resumed tomorrow.
Speakers were plain spoken in put
ting the federation on an independ
ent basis, free of any alliance with
labor, capital or any other organ
ized! body.
X. Ceverno of the Missouri Farm
Bureau association said the associa
tion would not fisht either labor or
capital, but that business needed to
be taught a lesson. .
DEMAND I. W. W. OUSTING
PHOENIX, Nov. 12. A demand for
the ousting of radical elements from
Arizona was contained in a resolution
adopted today by the American
Legion post 1 at Mesa. Ariz., calling
unon the authorities to. take action.
The resolution denounced the attack
by Reds on American Legion mem
bers at Centralia, Wash.
CONSTABLE BOUND OVER
PHOENIX, Nov. 12. Charles Beck
ham, constable at Chandler, Ariz.,
was bound over to the superior court
this afternoon at the conclusion of a
hearing held by Justice of the Peace
Wheeler at Chandler. Constable
Beckham was charged with violation
of section 134 nf the penal code,
which concerns "wilful Inhumanitv or
oppression toward any prisoner" , in
an officer's custody.
' MUTINY ON SHIP.
LAREDO. Texas. Nov. 12. Mexico
City advices received today reported
a mutiny aboard a launch bound for
Toapa, state of Tabasco, resulting in
the murder of a paymaster. Alberto
Ropf. and other officers, and robbery
of "a large amount of government
funds," intended for payment of sol
diers.
MOMENT Oil
TT
LONG DEBATES
Proposal Offered Would Cut
Down Arguments of Each
Senator to One Hour Until
Peace Treaty Is Ratified;
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. Sum
mary action to choke down debate
on the peace treaty was derided on
by the treaty's friends in the senate
today to meet developments regarded
by many senators as the beginning!
or a ruiDuster against ratification. .
Two petitions to invoke the sen
ate's cloture rule which never here
tofore has been used were prepared
for. submission tomorrow should it
becorne apparent that dilatory tactics
have been adopted by the irreconcil
able group opposed to the treaty. The
first proposal was drawn by the
Democrats and the other was being
formulated by the "mild" reservation
group of Republicans.
Under the rule, which could he
made effective beginning Saturday
by a two-thirds vote, no senator could
speak more than one hour in all until
a vote on ratification had been
reached.
To further hasten the treaty, itl
sessions beginning tomorrow and
continuing until there has b.een a
ratification vote.
The movement for cloture was
started after Senator Reed, Demo
crat, Missouri, had launched into an
other long speech attacking the
treaty, and Senators La Follette,
Wisconsin, and France, Maryland,
Republicans, had indicated they were
ready to continue. the fight as soon
as the Missouri senator concluded.
Senator Reed occupied all of today's
session and intimated that he would
continue for several hours tomorrow.
Suspecting that the long-anticipat
ed filibuster was on. Senator Hitch
cock, Nebraska, the acting Demo
cratic leader, and Senator Under
wood, Democrat, Alabama, circulated
on the Democratic side a petition for
cloture. It soon had more than twice
.the 16 signatures needed.
The Republicans acted more slow
ly, the mild reservation group being
fearful of alienating the irreconcil
ables on whose votes they were
counting for a safe majority to put
over the reservation program. Later
Senator Hale of Maine, a mild reser
vation Republican, passed around a
petition and got the requisite nurn
ber of signatures.
Although professing to be anxious
for the debate to end and predicting
that the necessary two-thirds could
be mustered for cloture. Republican
Leader Lodge said he desired to take
no .part in the move.
H. B. BILL -IS
Opponents to Measure Object
to Refunding $775,554,000
to Carriers; Hines Calls it
An Unduly Liberal Policy
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. Sharp op
position developed today in- the house
to the proposal embodied in their
railroad reorganization bill for the
refunding to the government of $775,
531,000 owed by the carriers. At
tack on the? plan by Representative
Dennison, Republican. Illinois, and
supported by a letter from Director
General Hines of the railroad ad
ministration, resulted in final decis
ion being deferred.
Opponents of the refunding plan
declared it would compel congress
to appropriate $363,355,000 by the
end of the year to square the ac
counts of the railroad administra
tion and Mr. Dennison proposed a
substitute, which he said would de
crease the amount needed to $171,-
020,000.
Under the Dennison plan it is pro
posed that $415,000,000 owed by the
government to the carriers as stand
ard return be set off against the
debts due to the government by the
OPPOSITION TO
MET IN ROUSE
roads. The pending bill calls for i ft wps tabled by a vote of the con
only a partial immediate set oi'f. j v?ntion. The request was made bv
Proponents . of the committee plan i jelr Sullivan of Seattle, chairman
urged that proposal as a square j of the committee, shortly before fi
deal to the debts contracted without jnnl adjournment of the American
their consent during the period of T.eH
on convention tonieht five vice
government operation. chairman were elected. They are:
Director General Hines described Allen R. Tukev. Omah: James
the bill's plan as an "unduly liberal j O'Brien. Snn Dioeo; J. P. Lewis.
policy." He asserted that the plan ,t,o-- TVn trie, M'nn.; A. R. Chnm
would provide working capital, not hern. Winthrop. Mns.. and William
needed by strong roads, while those
most in need of financial aid would
not- receive It. The carriers, he as
serted, would not b encouraged to.
finance their needs from private
sources. '
Phoenix to Build
$20,000 Home
For Legion
PHOENIX, Nov. 1 2.
City1 Manager Avery
Thompson caused to be an
nounced tonight at a meet
ing of the local post of the
American Legion that the
city of Phoenix would pro
vide the post with a $20,
000 home, a two story
brick residence. Funds for
purchase of the home would
be provided from sale by
the city of the old West
End school.
Bonus Plan Placed in Hands
of Committee for Consid
eration; Centralia Tragedy
Is Discussed at the Session
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 12. The first
annual convention of the American
Legion tonight elected Franklin
D'Olier of Philadelphia as its na
tional commander and voted td have
congress consider the advisability of
approving further bonuses for serv
ice men. The Rev. F. A. Kelly of
FRANKLIN D'OUER
Who Yesterday Was Elected the First
Commander of the American Legion
at It's National Convention in Min
neapolis. New York was elected national chap
lain. D'Olier was the first candidate to
be nominated. He was named by
the Arkansas delegation. California
passed its nominating rights to New
York and Stuyvesant Fish placed
the name of Hanford MacNider of
Mason City, la., before the conven
tion. The Virginia delegation nomi
nated Leslie Jones of Washington.
D. C... and Kentucky named as its
choice Emmett O'Neill of Louisville.
Jack Sullivan of Seattle, who was
nominated by the North Dakota del
egates, withdrew from the race; so
did Chairman Henry D. Lindsley of
Dallas, nominated by the Texas del
egation. The vote was:
D'Olier. 306: MacNider, 249; Jones,
18: O'Neill, 18.
The title of past national com
mander was conferred upon Mr.
Lindsley. who had been acting head
of the Legion since the St. Louis
meeting.
i Election of the national commander
followed a turbulent afternoon when
a mass of resolutions and reports
were considered. The convention
for a time seemed split on the pro
posal to indorse a specific bonus
plan and finally voted to place the
matter in the hands of the national
senate and house of representatives.
A broad variety of subjects, in
cluding the Centralia tragedy, indus
trial unrest and the national Non
partisan league were touched unon.
Drleeates from northwest states
drow nn a resolution assailing the
activities of President A. C. Town-
ley of, the Nonpartisan loacue, but
B. Follette- Futrene, Ore.
The convention rfm to r close nt
9-SO tontcht Tt wns decided to opn
the 1320 convention nt Cleveland. O..
September 27. The convention prob
ably will KtFt three days.
COMMANDER OF
LEG1NAID
AT CONVENTION
PROHIBITION
CASE UNDER
. ADVISEMENT
... i o M
War Time Liquor Ban Not
Necessary in Present Day,
Defense Attorney Argues
Before Two Federal Judges
CHICAGO, Nov. 12 Federal Judges
Carpenter and FitzHenry announced
tonight at the conclusion of argu
ments in the double attack by Chi
cago and Peoria liquor firms on the
war time prohibition and enforce
ment acts, that they would take the
case under advisement until Saturday.
An injunction Is asked in both dis
tricts to restrain federal officials
from interfering with the sale of
whiskey. A favorable decision with
out a stay, preventing sale of liquor
until fn aDDeal bv the government
,,ni r. would mean nme?-
iate resumption of whiskey sales in
both districts.
Judg3 Louis FitzHenry of Blooming
ton sat with Judge Carpenter. At
torney Lew Mayer of Chlcaso, coun
sel for Woolner and company of
Peoria, and Hannah and Hogg of Chi
cago, conducted the attack on prohi
bition, while Assistant District Attor
neys Frederick Dickson of Chicago
ird C. B. Montgomery opposed the
writ.
The ranting of an miunction bv
.TiHs-p Brown in a similar case at
ProvieTce. R. I., was renor'ee to At
torney Mayer In a teleeram. and ho
mnde n-frtnee to It in his argument.
TTf oasd bis arguments on the fol
low'ng point:
The war time prohibition !r.o" thr
erforcoment act violate The tenr-
amoTirlmen to tne constitution h" J
u5Mrning the police powers of thi
TT the- enforcement act v'datV
fhf fifth an. - merit hv donrivirir
en! of Tvrnnort.v without m process use such expressions. But Chairman
of 'aw or inst foTnp"nsatinr'. ' Wermuth ruled that the method of
.That oth ct! iro virf h'-r i eypres sion by witnesses cannot be
thev wr nassed to mt oierrr. i controlled. .
,-.tio tli hi r"ctM. ir i Depuiy Sinzheimer interjected:
nvf Prudent Wilson 'mvinr i "Was not German anger at Ameri-
vfcnrtl he PTi'irotMrri pt. jfnijca artificial?"
cnntnT,,!. had declared the armv 'o-! Helfferich, banged the table angrily
m'iti-pfj j
"Manv thinf" were Tiv
rrroaa diinnf ttip Tcr -wriif-Ti W"t bv
inphillf-poi1 " qnj.l Attr"-"v Mittt-
"lllpb thin"'! -"-(M-,! Cnyo'o ffy Tie TVpr
Tnoacn'PO V"t r"w o r?ni- ?q nnc-f
w-Tioo ersch illstSftcr.t ion ?cj nCOf-tlt nbtr.
Tb "lav nf rVri tn or i3 hro.
"Thn fnncHtiitinn v ri.i eiunopi'.
"d rl'irips- the war. The noc-s rf
the TTnitori State's to nrnhihit p-tr.
O fintotcntinr Honors -n-H rnn.
ptp5j durin? the nerioir of the wsr.
Put the wnr i5 oer. Concreso nw
hf no risht to iufprforp with the
police powers of the states."
POLICE GET BID
10.000 Gallons Confiscated
By Federal Agents Includ
ing "Perfectly Good Claret
Wine"
and Moonshine
GLOBE, Ariz.,, Nov. 12. Ten thou-j
sand gallons of "moonshine" is the j
net result of the second day of the
department of justice campaign
against alleged violators of the war
time prohibition act.
Special Agents Sisk and Boland.
of the department of justice, served
the last of the 115 federal warrants
this afternoon and the defendants
will appear before United States com
missioner, Hechtman tomorrow after
noon. Deputy United States Marshal
Haynes was provided with 57 search
warrants this afternoon and when he
completed service on 50 warrants he
had been rewarded . with approxi
mately 10,000 gallons of home-made
liquor. 1 "
The chemist who analvzed the bev
erage pronounced the "claret" supe
rior to any imported claret wine.
The analysis showed eleven per cent
alcohol.
Special Agents Sisk and Boland ;
found 13 barrels of claret In one
house and nine barrels of the same
linuid in the adioinina: residence.
The barrels contained 50 lions of,
"perfectly good claret wine." j
Three large motor trucks were,
used to convey the "booze" to the j
warehouse provided by Deoutv Mar- j
shsl Hvnes. Th confiscated li- (
ntior will be placed under a rovmv j
,.r.t m4 until the' cases are called
for trial.
Hmft rnde liquor hss commanded
a wholesale price of $6 per -gallon
In thif district and "extra ood stuff"
has reUUcd a fcigft a" $5 per pint
BOOTLEG RAUL
IN GLOBE RAID
Prince Edward of
Wales Is Guest at
Formal Reception
.. At US. Capitol
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. Albert
Edward, Prince of Wales, the guest
of the American nation, came into
personal touch with "government by
Tne people tonigi
raal evening of hi
the people" tonight at the most for-
s stay here, in the
nans or tne library of congress, a
reception to which all members of!
congress and their families hail hppn I
invited. Members of the cabinet Government Makes Special Ef
ndea!16 dip,omatic corps also at1 forts to Bring About Set-
The prince received the American
legislators in the midst of historic
documents dealing with the separa
tion of the American colonies from !
the empire over which he is des-!
tined to reign.
The prince went to the reception
from the. home of Secretary Lan
sing, where, with Mrs. Lansing, the
secretary had entertained him at din
ner. He paid homage to American
soldiers wounded in France earlier in !
! i"e "J wnen ne inspect
the day when he inspected Walter
Reed military hospital and in a brief
(address hailed these men as
my
comrades in arms."
an a a ...... r.:. .
liPrmanV G AnOr At
vJVllliailJ a ll
U - G Woo fVriiilrirk
' 5. TTcla VieilUlIie
Chancellor States
BERLIN, Nov. 12. Dr. Karl Helf
ferich, former German vice chancel
lor, on the wiiness stand before the
war investigation committee, began
at 11 o'clock a long drawn out villifi
cation of the United States, culmi
nating with the declaration:
"America maintained a mere paper
neutrality; President Wilson was sat
isfied to make money out of Euro
pean blood and suffering."
This declaration was greeted with
"bravos" from the spectators and
many German newspaper men. It
aroused Deputy Cohen, who demand-
! ed that Hellt'erich be forbidden to
and replied:
"It was genuine from the very
bottom, chiefly because of the ammu
nition, barbed wire, poison gas and
food which America delivered to the
entente."
DISCUSS FINLAND'S ENTRANCE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 Delegates
tb the international labor conference
to-lay debated the question of admit
ting representatives of Finland
throughout the session, without reach
ing a decision.
Recommend Raise in Ad Rates
NEW YORK, Nov. 12. Material increases in advertising and
subscription rates, limitation of size of newspaper 'and provisions in
advertising contracts whereby rates can be adjusted monthly or
quarterly, were recommendations made today by a special convention
of the American Newspaper Publishers' association called to consider
the news print shortage.
The 'report of the resolutions committee, adopted unanimously,
follows:
9
"Paper manufacturers have told us that there is a world-wide
shortage of paper. At the present rate of consumption the news
papers are using, about ten per cent more paper than is being pro
duced. This means an annual shortage on the present basis of ap
proximately 200,000 tons. Your committee therefore recommends:
"That the regulation of the war industries board for the conser
vation, of news print be strictly adhered to, and that the full text of
all these resolutions be sent to all the daily and Sunday newspapers
of the United States, whether or not they are members of the
A. N. P. A.
"That publishers everywhere be urged to materially Increase
advertising and subscription rates and at the same time limit the
size of their issues.
"That no newspaper enter into a yearly contract for advertising
at a fixed rate, but make rates adjustable monthly or quarterly.
"That the A. N. P. A. .send out a standard form of adjustable
:o-it 'ts for advertising.
"That the paper committee strongly discourages the hoarding of
print paper.
"That the white paper committee and the legislative committee
of the A. N. P. A. urge the enactment of such legislation as will per
mit the development of water power so that our timber lands may
be made fully available for the manufacture of wood pulp, lumber
ana paper, and we also recommend that congress be urged to take
steps that will induce the Canadian governments repeal the order
in council prohibiting the export of wood from crown lands.
"We recommend that the president appoint a committee on con
ciliation for the purpose of 'adjusting differences between publishers '
in competitive territories. That the members of this committee be
selected with the view to governing the entire country. That this
committee formulate such plans and recommendations as wiil assist
in adjusting existing differences so far as posibsle, that each mem
ber of this committee be given allotment over certain territory and
be authorized to appoint sub-committees to deal with conditions in
cities or competitive territories within that area.
"It is further recommended that this committee keep the print
paper committee of the A. N. P. A. informed as to Its problems and
accomplishments, that the entire membership of the A. N. P. A.
co-operate with this committee to the end that It ,may result n the
greatest benefit to all most vitally concerned."
In line with the recommendation of Franklin P. Glass, president
of the association, that publishers co-operate with news print manu
facturers, a committee of the publishers conferred with a committee
of the American Pulp and Paper association. The results of the con
ference were embodied largely In the resolutions which were adroted.
R. 8. Kellogg, secretary of ths Nws Print Service bureau, told the
convention that the mills were unable to increase production as they
were running at 100 per cent capacity.
iiNERS refuse
TO RETURN TD
iWORK DESPITE
iihiiw nt nn rt
UIIUL-II U UMMII I
i "
tlementof Wage Scale, Sec
retary Wilson as Mediator
Only 5 Per Cent in
Virginia Coal Mines
Labor Leaders Feel Confident
That Agreement Reached
By Saturday if Operators
WU1 Only Be Reasonable
WASHINGTON. Vnv 1'Tho
ParefU unwillingness of all union
coal miners to return to work at the
o!d pay scale caused government of-
ficials to put forth every effort today
to Dimg aoout immediate negotia
tion of a new wage scale.
Secretary Wilson without waiting
for formal acceptance of his offer to
mediate the differences. Jiegan
smoothing the way for the joint con
ference of miners and .operators he
has called o meet in Washington
Friday.
Both sides notified him ibey would
attend the conference. Spokesmen
for the mine workers said that if the
mines owners came in a Bpirit of
conciliation a new agreement could
be framed and ratified by Saturday
night. Until an agreement is formally
accepted by the miners' scale com
mittee, labor leaders said, there was
little hope of full resumption of pro
duction. It was because of this pos
sibility and the steady drain mean
while on the nation's visible conl
supply that Secretary Wilson under-
j took today to induce some of the
miners and operators to see tne
other fellow's side.
The indication of continued sus
pension of mining activity in union
fields today was not a surprise to
government officials, nor accepted as
an actual test of the miners' attitude.
Complete distribution of the order
conceling the strike might take some
time, it was said, it was felt, how
ever, that a large number of men
still might remain out until assured
that some of the demands agreed
upon in convention would be granted.
Labor leaders who have admitted
frankiy that public sentiment was
(Continued on Page Two.) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919
ti (in
ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
fiAte i.'Aavt if.'av v '.'.'a
33:
PIONEER PHOENIX. WOMAN
IS KILLED BY AUTOMOBILE
PHOENIX. .Nov. 12. Mrs. Elinor
Sunford was struck and almost in
stantly killed by an automobile driven
by Miss Mabel Kimball near the cor
ner ot First avenue and Monroe street
about 1 o'clock Monday arternoon.
According to witnesses of the tragedy,
Mrs. Sanford was making her way
across First avenue when the car
bore down upon her. She was knock
ed to the pavement and suffered a
fractured skull and concussion of the
brain.
Miss Kimball was overcome by the
tragedy and with the words, '"I have
done it," fainted at the wheel aud was
carried into a nearby office building.
Mre. Sanford was the widow of the
late Judge E. M. Sauford of Prescott,
who' was a resident of Arizona since
the early '80s. She is survived by a
stepson, Earl Sanford, with Babbitt
brothers, here. Her life was one of
sunshine and sorrow. With Judge
Sanford she tasted success and pros
perity when he was a prosperous, at
torncy at Prescott, aud then followed
him into the near destitution of finan
cial reverses through investments in
mining stocks. Following me death
of the judge, Mrs, Sanford, through
friends, procured a clerkship in the
late session of the legislature.
MESA BOYS ENJOY
THRIVING THEFT TRAFFIC
MESA, Nov. 12. With everything
In their possession from chickens and
eggs to watches, opera grasses and
money, three Mesa youths weie taken
into custody by O. L. Pickens, deputy
sheriff for this district, and lodged in
the county jail at Phoenix to await
action of the juvenile court. The
youths gave their names as Herbert
Bowling, Jess Stringer and Alton
Lackey. Petty thefts ranging over
the past week, and taking in a vast
territory from Tempe to Gilbert and
from i Chandler to Lehi, and number
ing in all more than twenty, have
been admitted by the youths.
TUCSON FACING FAMINE
IN FUEL; SUPPLY EXHAUSTED
TUCSON, Nov. 12. Continuation of
the nation-wide coal strixe for one
week longer would result in s-:nt?w
down generally of hotels, schools,
churches, theaters and other public
places in Tucson, is the' disclosure
made after a canvass of the coa: sit
uation in Tucson. With the tempera
ture at an unprecedentedly low point
here for November, consumption ts
increasing daily" and dealers predict
that Tucson will be entirely without
coal for fuel by Thursday. Under or
der of Mayor Parker, consumers have
been put on a rationing system. Ef
forts to supplement the supply have
failed, as both the city administration
and local coal dealers have been re
fused any supplies by the regional
director of the railroad acrmrnjstra-.
tion.
The railroads entering Tucson use
oil for transportation fuel, so that
there is no possibility of commandeer
ing railroad coal for use In the city,
Uuiiding perations this morning were
ordered discontinued throughout the
city. A special meeting of the coun
cil has been called for tonight, and
an effort will be made at municipal
expense to provide a force of wood
cutters to go into the mountains and
furnish a supply of nieaquite to meet
the situation, which is complicated by
the fact that the first snow in eight
years fell Sunday and the thermo
meter was below the freezing point
Saturday and Sunday nights for the
first time since 1902.
be regarded as a distinct loss ove:
the entire southside.
Mr, Pomeroy came to Mesa in 1878
from Idaho, and was one of the very
first of the Latter Day Saints to set
tle here. -Through his efforts others
of his clan were attracted to this
country, settlements of the Mormon
faith vpre gradually made over the
Mesa country and the enure state.
ARIZONA COTTON GROWERS
ARE SEEKING TEXAS LANDS
EL PASO, Nov. 12. Arizona cotton
growers are flocking to El Paso try
ing to get lands in the vicinity of El
Paso, according to W. F. Payne.
Twelve or fifteen Arizonans have
been in El Paso within the past ten
days, he says, looking w available
land in the vicinity of Tornillo, where
the Iv-Dule ranch planted the first
cotton in the county.
This year, according to L. J. Ivy,
manayer of the lanch, he will get over
two bales of cotton to the acre from
some of his land. It ?s now Being
picked and ginned: Some or the
staple is an inch and a qttarrer la
length and will bring 52 cents a
pound.
The Ivy-Dale ranch has 800 acres in
cotton this year, and the management
expects to plant .300 acres next year.
RAY KREBS UNDERGOES
SUCCESSFUL OPERATION
' TOMBSTONE, Nov. 12 According
'to a telegram received by Deputy
County Recorder H L. Hutchison,
from Mr3. It B. Krebs, at Kochester,
Minn., the operation on Mr. Krcbs'
foot was performed Tuesday at the
Mavo brothers hospital at 8 o'clock,
and it was pronounced entirely suc
cessful by the famous physicians.
Mrs. Krebs stated that her husband
was suffering considerable pain, and
that his entire limb had been placed
in a plaster cast to remain until heal
ed, but that .the physicians announce
he will iave full use of his limb and
foot. This will be pleasing news to
thf many friends of Mr. Krebs, not
only in Tombstone, but throughout
Cochise county, where he is widely
known.
GRHZ IS FIRST ATTlTlf
BISBEE MUNICIPAL EVENTS CLUB
I
ir
BIG ROAD BOND ISSUE
VOTED IN YUMA COUNTY
YUMA, Nov. 12. Yuma county has,
authorized the issuance of $1600,000
road bonds, though by a light vote.
The money is to be used principally
in providing pavement for the main
highways of the Yuma valley, but also
is to be built a good roadway east
ward, paralleling the Gila river at
least to Mohawk, where it is expected
the stte will take up the task of push
ing through the Borderland highway
to a junction with the Maricopa coun
ty road system at Agua Caliente or
at the Hassayumpa. The location
purvey on this through road already
has been started by the state engi
neer's olfice.
GLOBE-MIAMI DISTRICT
TO WAGE WAR ON PRICES
GLOBE, Nov. 12 F. W. Curtis has
returned from Phoenix, where he had
a conference with George H. Ssmatrey,
htate chairman or the fair price
board. Mr. Curtis has been appointed
chairman of the fair price board fur
the -Globe-Miami disrrlci.
Under the revised law, clothing,
tdioes, etc., como under the jurisdic
tion of the fair price hoard. Tiie
local board wiU take cognisance ot
prices on staple articles only.
When the board is rco.-s-.i.wu Wrc
the merchants will be represented on
the board and they will be invited to
meet during the present week to
HeU'ct their representatives.
PIONEER OF SALT RIVER
VALLEY PASSES' AW AV
MESA, Nov. 12. Llijan Vdmeroy,
one of the early pioneer settlors in
the Salt river valley, and one of the
most energetic and enterprising- men
engaged in the development of the
Mesa country in its early days, pa.-scd
away at his home, 204 East First ave
nue, Mesa, at 10:30 o'clock Saturday
Dight. Though the deceased was C!)
years of age? he enjoyed good heslth
until two months ago, when paralysis,
eventuating in blood clot on the brain,
tet in. Probably no one man has done
more towards the upbuilding of Mesa
end Its vicinity through all iU hiit'.-'.-r
uau Mr. 1'oniuoy, Rnd his death will
SALOONS RE-APPEAR IN
AGUA PRIETA, SONORA
AfilTA PRIETA. Son.. Mex., Nov. 12.
The saloon has made its appearance
here after a dry spell of about live
years, and immigration officials on
the other side of the line at Douglas,
are swamped with applications for
passports. So far four saloons are op
erating full blast and doing a land
office business. Several others are
cx;ocied to be ready for business.
Miners Refuse to
Obey Court Orders
(Continued from Page One.)
against the strike, took comfort to
day from what they described as a
seeming change of sentiment as re
flected in newspaper editorials. Mes
sages to labor headquarters stated
that the feeling was growing that
the miners were entitled" to higher
wages.
Secretary Wilson was greatly en
couraged at the. readiness of the two
sides to meet and make a determined
effort to frame a wage schedule sat
isfactory to miners and operators.
He was quite hopeful of success, and
this reeling was shared by most of
ficials. - CHARLESTON, . Va., Nov. 12.
Striking mine workers throughout
the coal fields of West Virginia today
failed in obev the orders of union
leaders to return to work, according
to a statement issued tonight by the
West Virginia Coal association. "Less
than live per cent" of the miners in
the state reported for work, it was
said.
Reports to the mine operators in
dicated that the men would not ac
cept "telephone or mailed" instruc
tions from the district headquarters.
United Mine Workers, but demand
"official notification" from the inter
national officers at Indianapolis.
At the headquarters of the United
Mine Workers here it was said to
night "that the utmost pressure was
being brought to bear on the men,"
and confidence was expressed that
all mines would be operating Mon
day. WALSENBURG, Colo., Nov. 12.
The strike of bituminous coal miners
in the Walsenburg district was called
off tonisht. The men will return to
vor'; tomorrow. Orders to this ef
fect were sent out by Mike Salvage,
nub-district board members, on re
ceipt of instructions from district
headquarters .oC the. United Mine
Workers At Pueblo. . ,,;,
PUEBLO Colo.. Nov. 12. Late to
night Ceorgo O. Johnson, president
of the United Mine Workers of Amer
ica district No. 15, received a tele
gram from the United Mine Workers
in Indianapolis that an order rescind
ing the strike order was m the mails,
nfmcdiately afterward, Mr Jolinjon
sent the following telegram to field
wwkes and to local organizations n
dlNUen5: notified by wire that
order withdrawing strike order is in
m.,iU U is the desire of this
SScJ local unions ,o,nply
h;rr,K?.e:u" tar as it aifects di,
trict No. 15. I therefore called olf.
declared Mr. Johnson.
A circular tank to be placed on the
rims of flowor " n mvrnt
ed. from-which a tube extend i to con
vey water o the plant roots .-lov l
aud evenly.
Rudolph Ganz, the great Swiss violinist, who will
appear in recital in Bisbee under the auspices of the
Musical Events Club on November 24.
wvuT'"'TrrgTrTr '
J"
r
(X
V -1
7
......
MA
tort
In announcing yesterday that the,
date of the appearance in Pisbee of
Rudolph Ganz, the master pianist
who will he the first of five . world
famous, musical artistes to visitthe
Warren district during the coming
months-, under the auspices of the
Musical Events club,' has - been ad
vanced from Nov. 28 to Nov. 24, the
club has renewed and stimulated in
terest in what will undoubtedly le
the premier musical offering in the
Warren district during the year.
The series of recitals which lias
been planned by the Musical Events
club has been carried into effect
through arrangements made with L.i
K. Behymer, the California impres
sario, who has co-operated with the
club in giving an opportunity to resi
dents of the Warren district to hear
the best in modern music. The- en
tire series, beginning with Ganz cn
Nov. 24, and ending - with Florence
Macbeth, the lyric soprano of the
Chicago Opera comp.any, on April 12,
1920, has been designed with a view
to giving . a program of musical of
ferings in Bisbee which will be gen
eral enough in character and fine
enough in quality to attract and
please every lover of music in the
city and its surroundings.
In announcing the change of date,
the club also stressed the fact that
holders of season ticket books will
be able to arrange for seats at Rey
nold's Music Store three days before
the Ganz recital. There will be no
advance sale of single tickets, but
there are i number of season tickets
still on hrrid.v These may be secured
at Reynolds' Music Store.
Rudolph Gnr.z has forged rapidly
ahead in public favor until he is now
recognized as holding a place among
the foremost cf the world's greatest
pianists. His teputaiion has . been
built upon merit alone, ;:nd his high
position in the musical world has
been gained only through the simple
and direct medium of his art, which
has b;en his enly means en self-exploitation.
His program "for .Nov. 24 follows:
1. (a) Variations on a Motive by
' 'Bach Liszt
"Waiting. Crying,
Mourning, Sighing."
(b) Two impromptus Schubert
(1) A Flat. : .
(2) G Flat. . .
(cj Perpetuum .Mobile : Weber
2. Sonata Erofca, ' Op, 50....MacDowe!l
Slow, with nobility. Fast, passion-
ately. Elf-like," as light and swift as
possible.' Tenderly, longingly, yet
with passion. .Fiercely, very fast.
3. (a) Three Etrides Chopin
(b) Two Waltzes.
(c) Berceuse,
td) Polonaise.
4. (a) Capriccio for the right hand
alone ' Ganz
(b) After Midnight.
'(c) Romance in D Flat..;... Sibeiine
(d) ,La Chasse (The Hunt) :..
(e) La Campanella (The Bells)
.... Paganinni-Liszt
The other programs of the Musical
Events club in the rresent series of
recitals is as follows:
Monday, Feb. 2, 1920, Caroline Laz
zari, the prima donna contralto of
the Metropolitan Opera and the Chi
cago Opera companies.
Friday, March 5, 1920, Jacques Thi
baud, violin virtuoso, who is ranked
by all critics as the foremost of
French masters of the instrument.
Saturday, April 3, 1920, the Flon
zally string quartet. This is the
greatest string quartet in the world,
and is so recognized by all followers
of music.
Monday, April ' 12, 1920, Florence
Macbeth, the "lyric soprano of the
Chicago Grand Opera company.
In addition lo the foregoing, the
club has arranged to bring Madame
Schumann-HeInk,' the world's great
est contralto, to Bisbee on Feb. 1C for
a special recital, which is not includ
ed in the regular course of recitals.
Season ticket holders, liowcer, will
be given the first opportunity to pro
cure tickets for this event, which wilj
mark an epoch in 'the musical affairs
of the War t'en district.
The officers of the Musical Events
club, which has been instrumental in
arranging the musical series for the
district during- the coming months
are Arthur Not man,- chairman; Mrs.
C. S. Thompson, vice chairman; E.
II. Wickern, .secretary; P. M. Buck
waiter, treasurer,: and Mrs. Sam
Frankenberg,- chairman of the mem
bership committee.
! Don't forget- K. of C. dance tonight.
4
r
Cheaper Than Parts
Freedom from unnecessary
repairs and longer life for
your car results from correct
lubrication with Zerolenc
Scientifically refined from se
lected California crude oil.
Girt maximum lubrication with la
carbon deposit. Get a Correct Lubri- :
cation Chart lor your cor.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
8th
Tuesday, the i
Will be the last day that you will have a
chance to buy
EMS PETI
OLE
1
i
and by the way orders are pouring into this office, the books will be closed
several days before the date set.
Remember you had a chance to buy Homer Union at, par and now it is
selling firm at $1.75 with all appearance of going still higher. Will you be too
late a second time?
Texas Petroleum is a three to one shot, having land in the three great oil
fields of Louisiana and Texas, besides 5,000 acres in the Tularosa Basin. Their
Louisiana holdings alone are more than enough to justify their low capitaliza
tion, which is $300,000. The par value of the stock being $1.00, with every
chance in the world of going to several times that much upon the announcement
that the books are closed. .....
Take our advice and purchase some of our stock before it is TOO LATE
CAPITALIZATION $300,000
PAR VALUE $1.00 ;
Texas Petroleum
Company
110 Sheldon St.
EL PASO, TEXAS
For Further Information See HATFIELD & BRADFORD,
BROKERS
BISBEE, ARIZONA DOUGLAS, ARIZONA
DON'T FORGET THIS IS- BLOUSE WEEEK AT THIS STORE, AS WELL AS
EVERY STORE IN THE COUNTRY. WE ARE SATISFIED THE UNITED WAIST
LEAGUE OF AMERICA WILL APPRECIATE THE RESPONSE GIVEN TO THE
CALL BY OUR CUSTOMERS ON MONDAY, THE FIRST DAY OF THE SALE,
SHOWING CONCLUSIVELY THAT THEY ARE ALIVE TO THE FACT THAI
AMERICAN DESIGNERS AND LABOR ARE EQUAL TO THE EMERGENCY.
AND CAN TURN OUT AS ELEGANT MODELS AS OUR PREVIONS IMPOR
TATIONS. NOT ONLY HAVE WE STYLE IN GREAT VARIETY AND GOOD
NESS OF QUALITY, BUT THE PRICES ARE REMARKABLY LOW. AS WE
SAID BEFORE, LOWER THAN MANUFACTURING COST TODAY. THREE
MORE DAYS! COME WHILE THE VARIETY IS LARGE.
White Wash Blouses. The se are new
arrivals and in the late spring models,
made of very superior quality of Voile
with vests and lace trimmed. Sizes 36 '
to 46. Values $2.00, Blouse week $1.35'
Georgettes in white, flesh and suit shades,
embroidered in silk and beads. Crepe
de Chine in light shades, tailored high
and low necks. Sizes 34 to 46; $8.50
values, Blouse week $5.85
Georgette Blouses embroidered in silk and
beads, others trimmed in lace edging in white,
flesh, navy, tans, browns, plum and taupe.
Crepe de Chines in white and flesh, finely
tailored. Sizes 34 to 46. Values $10.50.
Blouse week .-. $7.65
Georgette Blouses, braided and beaded; some
are trimmed with small lace ruffles, very su
perior quality in white, flesh and all the new
autumn shades in very attractive combina
tions; among these are some very wonderful
blouses, including over-blouses and Poplins.
Sizes 24 to 50, values to $15.00. Blouse
week $9.75
J,
II aU k 1
4
t
V
mm
Georgette Blouse, beautifully trimmed
with filet lace, some beaded and braided,
An exceptionally fine quality in white
enr flcoh and all the wanted shades to
go wiih your fall suit. Sizes 34 to 50.
Values to $20.00, Blouse week.. I 4.75
Our entire stock of blouses regardless of
price, values from $20.00 to $39.00, dur
ing Blouse week... ...... ...20 Per Cent Off
All our Blouses are new nothing old in
stock; not a waist to be reserved; every
one is included in this sale.
IBS
i.ou forprct n ot i uano. j pARKS, Special Agtnt, Slendard Oil Co., Bisbee, Ariz.
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
f!
P THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919.
THE B'ISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
PREDICT
GO WILL BE FASTEST
local-Tn the realm7of: sport
jDLLINS-HUGHES lMAf(?iJis nVFBTHF STITFlfllSBFFflllllS
I:
I
I
Kid George, the husky middleweight who meets Wal
ter Caldwell of Albuquerque in the main event in the
card to be presented by the Bisbee Athletic Club at
the Grand theatre on November 21.
'. ' .'. is
! j -
; ? r
' K " r I -
V - ? .
f . ...:' ; x . ' v-x ' - -. ? ..x .'.o . ::'
Hien Johnnie Celmars of Los An-, ting 'em away by the knockout route
Seles and Frank Loughery of Bisbee) vith convincing regularity lately,
met at the Grand theater on October i Eddie Hu&hes, a rugged and tough
4 in the first bout to be staged by! muscled youth from the southwest
the Bisbee Athletic club, fans lie-; shaft, has challenged Collins with the
clared that the bill was the best to j assertion that he can put the husky
be offered here for a long time. When, j Bob awi.y without difficuliy. As Col
in tha second cyrd, Celmars andllins is the pride of the Brings shaf!,
Russell Chambers of Dtiiisrl-is slussed'it Is bslievd that the miners of the
through 10 rounds of honest-to-good-, district will immediately range them
nes3 battle, a crowded house said selves on .the side of one or the
that the program could not be iir.- oi:.rr of the heavies. Southwest men
proved upon. In the third card to be j are stiongl in their assert ion that
staged by the club, the date of which Hughes is going to bring Collins to
i3 Xov. 21, O. S. French, manager of the mat, while the Collins supporters,
ihe club, and Frank I oughery, the many of whom are employed at the
club's matchmaker, believe that they Briggs, are confident that nothing
are goin to. give Warren district less than a battering ram cr.n prevail
fight enthusiasts the surprise of the against him. This fight alone is go
winier. ! ing to be worth the' price of admis
On that date, Nov. 21, Kid Ceorge, eion.
ths husky middleweight who has In one of the preliminaries, Georgie
been living in Bisbee for several Bums, the clever and hard-hitting
weeks, and who has devoted much of boxer who took the fight out of Kid
his time while here to training Rus- Hartman in one round on Armistice
sell Chambers, will meet Walter Day, will meet Kid Higgins, the
Caldwell of Albuquerque in a 10- rangy youth who slammed him to a
round session which, in the mind of drew on Xov. 7. Burns has made a
Cfcorge at least,' is going to mean the generally good impression by the
definite defeat of the New Mexico manner in which he carries himself
whirlwind. j pnd the way in which he lets 'em go
As fans in the Warren district talk from the shoulder, while Higgins is
of the Loughcry-Celmars battle as more than able to take rare of him
Bir.bee's p--rmlcv fistic event, so the self.
fang of Aew Mexico swear that the It iu considered probable thai Al
battle between Georse rnd 'CaMv.-cll Mauch und Frank Ford will also ap
in A.bi!qu?rque . on October 15 wa3 pear on the card. Mauch created a
the fastest and bitterest fight ever sood impression here in his previous
s.aned in that Etate. ! firrl ts, but met his Waterloo in hi3
For 13 rounds of continued fight- scrap with Bob Collins on October
in, Kid Goorge.p.ad Ca'.dwoll fought 24. On Nov. 7, however, Collins
toe to toe. George had arisen from liar.ded the srme kind or a birthday
a rick bsd to meet the New Mexican,1 gift to Ford. In both cases, however,
and in every session slugged blow j Collins outweighed both his oppo
for blow with his opponent until the;nents. and fans are arsuied that they
spectators went wild with excite- j are going to witness an even and a
mont. In the fifteenth round Cald-;hard tight.
well rushed him over the ropes andi The program for Nov. 21 will be
to the floor below, and before he staged at the Grand theater,
could climb back in the ring he was)
Now George wants to reverse the 'Burns and Higgins
standing. Since the fight he has 1
been musing himself back to health,
working out carefully to put himself
in the best of condition for the. fight
with Caldwell that he knew wasi to
come some time. Now that the. -vdaHr a slT in yesieruay review con
has been given him ' by . M? niwr cerning the boxing contests at War
French, those' who are acquaint krT ren park on Armistice Day. it was
with the details-of his fieht",-' uith said hat Kid Higgins had been
Caldwell are looking for- the fiercest knocked out by Kid Burns in the
ring tattle ever presented in l:!boe. first round of a scheduled four-round
Kid George started his training ... -we
vesterd.-v at the Knights of Colum- Preliminary. The boxer who went
'bus hall, where a quantity of new down undtT tl' 1:,rd Pummeling of
athletic apparatus has been installed. Burns was Kid Hartman, who put
His first Workout was light, but from up a fast fight until the sleep-pro-today
on he will give himself a thor-'ducer was slipped over,
ough tr&ining. He is already in su-l Kid Higgins fought Burns to a
perb condition, but he is not taking ' good . d,.aw at the Grand theatre on
any chr.nces as he wonts this fight November 7 and ,n the tolon of
to mean a decisive victory for him- f
se'f over Caldwell. His sparring some of the fans' had a llttle better
partrer during the workout period of th argument. He and Burns will
will be Bob ColIin3. the husky heavy- meet again on November 21. Hig
weight, who r.lso fights on Nov. 21. gins' chief quality is his recupera-
Caldwell is alreadv training in tive powers, which allowed him to
New Mexico, and will be in Bisbee stage comebacks when the going
the latter part of this week to com- seemed to be all against him. He
plete his conditioning He is said to
be a c ever, hard fisted boxer, with . , , . A " .
a punch in either hand. , B,urn3, 6tou,d be. 8,1 lhat he, fans
The semi-final, which has also been :
arranged by MuiflL'er Fri-r
French, should
attract as many i'ans as the main
event, for its outcome will mean. al
most nn entire career to Bob Collins,
the heavyweight who has been put-
Will Meet Nov. 21
Through an anadvertent error in
want io see in a preuiunmr
Follow the crowd to K. of C. dance.
1458-11-13
Don't forget K. of C. dance toDight. (
BY BOB MARTIN, HIMSELF,
Heavyweight Champion of the A. E. F.
and Inter-Allied Armies
. I guess there was tco many of us
around home. Anyhow, I ran away
when I was 15. I was a pretty good
sized boy and I got a job on a farm
near Kingwood. The rarmei-s name
was John Christopher. He paid me
60 cents a day. I weighed around 150
then. The farm was so far from town
that I never got away so I saved every
cent I made.
I left the farm and went to Kayser,
where I got a job braking on the B. &
O. I told them I was 21. I was only
15, but I was big enough and I kept
the job three months.
I went to Terra Alta and worked
while I attended high scnoo de
livered milk to nearly everyone in
town. I played a little football, but
didn't like the sport.
I didn't finish high schoo, fcu? ctfme
to Akron and got a job -with the Good
rich Tire company. The boys were
boxing around the plant at noon and
Leo Slaughter saw me one day and
wanted to give me lessons. I didn't
look very good, either, Eddie Mul
laney and Harry Krohn both Beat me
up. In the annual Goodrich meet I
fought six rounds with Harry Krohn,
ex-policeman, who substituted for an
other fighter. I won the shotgun that
was put up and later gave it to Leo
Slaughter
There wasn't any money in any of
those fights for me. I really didn't
think much about the fight game and
was just boxing for fun. They match
ed me with a fellow named Good from
THREE SOCCER
TEIS FORI
With the inauguration - within the
last few days of a three-team "-eoccer
association in ; the Warren district,
friends of the speedy English football
game are due to see some interesting
matches in the near future, according
' to announcements which were macie
yesterday.
Two of the teams will be formed in
the mines. The Copper Queen has
already partly organized its lineup,
j while the other, mining team will be
selected by next Sunday. The third
team will be organized by the Knights
I of Columbus, who announced yester
I day that they are going to take their
players from the men who are left
after the two mining teams have
made their selections, after which the
n. Ul UUL1IL V 111 E)11UY lilt; UlilCIS
what soccer really is.
The teams are going to meet at
Warren park Sunday afternoon, wrten
a practice game will be played. All
those interested in the sport are in
formed that the 1:30 p. m. car will
get them to the park in plenty of
time to watch the opening of the
match.
Lynch Outpoints
Uailltim VlltlllipiUIl
t
PHII DFT PHI A Nov 12 Tn
Lynch of New York outpointed Pete
Herman, the bantamweight
cham-
pion. in six rounds tonight.
In the first round Lynch appeared
over-anxious and missed many blows.
Herman jabbed and sent left hooks
to Lynch's face. There was much
clinching and the champion had the
better of the round. Lynch got his
j.u.n.w.F, w..
gered Herman with a nook to the " . ... - -
law. They were in a clinch at the siderable poundage, challenged the , game on Saturday, when tr-.ey Oo-rney
bell. winner of the Chambers-Lough rey to Tucson to clash with the high
Herman took the initiative in the bout from the ringside, before that school gridiron stars of the Old
third, landing repeatedly on the New match started. As Loughrey won. Bis- PueMo. Tucpon high has an ur.Tisual
Yoiker's face and body. In the next bee fans are anxious to see him in ly fast and heavy team this year, and
round Lynch drove a hard left to a ring with the rapidly rising Meyers, j if the Bisbee boys won they will break
Herman's jaw. He mixed it up with , I a precedent, for they have never yet
the champion and had the better of j Tng splndid game pt up by the L. - wrested victory from the Tucson play-
the exchange of blows. A. Engle Post football team in defeat-1 ers on the lat ter's horn egrounds.
In the fifth Lynch s rushes drove , ........ .
Herman to the ropes and compelled in- thp Nineteenth infantry was the
him to hold on. The New York subject of much comment yesterday. Chile has some of the richest iron
Boxer rained left and rights to the Followers of the gridiron sport are : ore in the world, and the go-v.im'-.
champion's head and body. ' hopinsr for a full schedule for the Le- is planning to increase its prili-.cnon
Lvnch tried hard in the final round gion players throughout the remain- w-ith the aid of European expels.
to land a knockout blow. Although
his nose was bleeding freely from
a hard left hook Lynch rushed Her-
man ana naa nim going wnen ine
bell ended the bout.
BIG YAQUI FORCE
NOGALES, Ariz., Nov. 12. An
American here tor!ay from the boun
darv of tle Yaqui vallev in Sonora.
estimates there are 4.000 Yaauis in
that section, about Cajeme. Reports
indicate that fullv 90 per cent of the the opinion of a large number of min
women and children of the Y'antii ers of this district, who are backing
tribe are in the United States, and Hughes heavilv. Collins stock took a
that practically the entire force of big rise through the decisive wav in
4M0 could be converted into fighter which h knockcd Gut Frank Ford in
lr arms
and ammunition were avail-
able.
NELSON'S FATHER DIES
CHICAGO, Nov. 12. Niels Nelson,
73 jvars old, father of "Battling" Nel
son, former lightweight champion,
died today after being ill with pneu
monia for about ono week. Mr. Nel-
ten leave) six sons and one daughter.
the Firestone pits. We boxed at the
Buck club. I knocked Good out in the
fourth round. That was my first
knockout victory. The next was over
a fellow they called Al Slavin. I later
found that Slavin was hone other than
Dick O'Brien of Cincinnati. I knock
ed him out in the sixth.
In the summer of 1916 when I was
home visiting I joined the National
Guard. There was trouble brewing in
Mexico and I wanted to go. I was
mustered out after a, month in camp
at Kanawha and went hack to Akron.
They had me matched with Jack
Reed of Toledo,, March 28, 1917. That
would have been my first professional
fight But the "war broke out and I
was called back homie fpr guard duty.
Maybe it was just as-well. Jack Reed
was pretty good then and I didn't
know a lot abouf tighfcing. '
(Another Story Tomorrow)
iMAB-TJJSr'
j Railroad travel east is very heavy.
Yale and Princeton grads are hurry
; ins to the gridirons to help stem the
Crimson tide.
! H. Light is one of the high lights of
'the Pennsylvania eleven. However,
they were all low lights after Penn
State had left the field and called it a
day's work. :
"9-18-36-4."
The opposing lines trembled then
crashed together.
The ball shot back between the csn-
ter's legs.
Straight into Casey's arms it went.
He dropped it and through the
wriggling mass darted a blue-Jerseyed
jpte wj,0 scooped up the ball and
raced g4 yards for a touchdown.
SPORT TIPS OF 10CIL HELP
O. S. French yesterday received the erabl enumbers yesterday, accordin;
'following telegram from Charlie ! to Promoter O. S. French. Present in
! Kline, manager of Danny Kramer, who ! dications are for a big house.
astonished the fight fans or Arizona
son Tuesday night:
"Kramer won over Lincoln in ci
round. Demand for rematch. Am wir-
inS promoters throughout state. Will
accept return match . rr riily date.
Charlie Kline."
Talk about the city yesterday was
of matching Johnny Meyer and Frank
Loughrey for a Thanksgiving Day
bout here. Meyer, after getting a draw
with Frankie Fowser, El Paso mid-
ji.io,i,f t ho o,vQr ,.n.
der of the winter season, as they are
anxious to see the local service men
!n action early and often. Manager
Frank E.
game?.
Thomas is busy arranging
That Bob Collins will find some
tough game on his hands when he
meets Eddie Hughes of the Southwest
shaft in the semi-final to the George
Caldwell match here November 21, is
the opera house last Friday nisht, but
Hughes, who weighs 17s pounds to 1S3
for Collins, is confident he can stop
his hard hitting opponent.
Reservations of seats for the match
between Kid George, the veteran mid
dleweight, and Walter Caldwell of
w Mexico, were booked In consld-
5
1
i
4V Y
if"
The mighty Casey is the star of the
Harvard team. Now if he doesn't do
something like mighty Casey of base
ball fame maybe there will be no up
set. Oh, somewhere in this favored land
the sun is shining bright;
The band is playing somewnerc and
somewhere hears are light;
And somewhere children shout;
But there is no joy in M'Jdville
Mighty Casey had struck out.
Oh ,there is no joy at t-rarvara
Mighty Casey dropped the ball.
When the two Cailahan boys the
. center at Yale and the center at
' Princeton get their Irish up they'll
I be playing something besides football.
jen Armistice Day in Bisbee, but per
hth haps the most remarkable athletic
achievement cf the day, or rather of
the night, was that of a Ford Flivver,
which was seen bowling merrily over
the Lowell streets, w.'th its cprmgs
bouncing off rocks and 14 passengers
aboard. Ford publicity experts 'on
"What a Ford Can Do" please take
notice.
The Bisbee high school football
ulavers are coins: ud asatnst a tougn
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Drpartment of the Interior.
IT. S. Land Office at Thoenix. Arizona.
October 31. 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Hugh E.
Fletcher, of Hereford. Arizona, who,
on January 23. 1915. made Horae-s-tea.1
Entry No. 0M59S for KHNE'4
SWNE',4. NUSKMNRU. SE1-4NE
I- 4NF1-4 Sec. 11. SNWV4NWU. N
TSWNWU. NEV,NWti. NSEl-4
NW1-4. WiNWl-4NWi.NEii. SW4
NV"-NFA't. NWV-SWHNE'4. Section
12, Township 23-S, Range rO-E, G. &
S. R B & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three-year Proof,
to establish claim to the lnd above
described, before .Tared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at iP.sbee, Arizona,
on the 12th day of December. 1919.
Clnimnrt names at witnesses:
Henry Magne, of Garces, Ariz.
John Dinwiddle, of Garces. Ariz.
Peter Haverty, of Garces. Ariz.
Charles R. Biederman. or Hereford,
Ariz. J. L. IRVIN,
II- 8-19 26t Register.
LINCOLN LOSES -ON FOUL
The Arizona Daily Star,has the fol
lowing to say of the Kramer-Lincoln
bout ;n Tucson Tuesday ni-"::
Alter fighting eight rounds, four of
wnicli were as vicious and dirty as
tiiiy ever seen hoie, Ralph Lincoln last j Mohan, manater of Ralph Lincoln, the
night Ion on a faui to Danny Kramer j liule streak of lightning who has been
of San Francisco, disgusted local fight cleaninR them a11 until "e lost on a
fans by his tactics and, was merailv ; 'oul ,to Kjd. KraTIne,: at Tucf.on on
.,,, r,.nm , . .. i, . -Tuesday nignt. In the telegram, Mo-
hooted from the ring at the Elys.an . han saJ8 tnat he wants to show' Un.
grove. After the fourth round, when coIn in nisbee, where the bantam
Lincoln started viciously butting his j weight wonder has many friends, and
opponent during the clinches, the fight J in the letter he announces that he
was a furious one. Kraier, his eves , has now under his care one of the
blazing with wrath at Lincoln's meth
ods went at the local jy like t cy
clone. Lincoln also fought hard and
fast, but, had he not have lost on a
foul, it appeared likely that he would
have lost the fight on points, asynovr.
Other than the fact that he seemed tu
see that he was licked there was no
excuse for Lincoln's tactics. Through
out the fight Lincoln heeled his op
ponent .used his elbows and, general
ly, scrapped in a manner that local i
fans would never believed him cap
able of.
TEXAS BOXER AFTER MATCHES
The Phoenix Gazette is in receipt
of an epistle from Tommy Nelson of
El Paso, who esteems his prowess in
tho fistic art so highly that he is
willing to-take on some star of pug -
dom in a Phoenix arent. Tommy I
says:
"Just a few words to let you know
that I have been boxing around these
pans anu nave jusi nearu oi iviu uaj-
man of Phoenix, who has been coming
up the fistic ladder. Well, I knocked
this same Kid aLyman four rounds at
Jack Doyle's eVrnon arena on Decern-
ber 3, 1918
I would like to box him
I before any club in Phoenix, as I know
I will eat him any time. '
..TT-i.-. ,v. , v ..
j "While on the coast I fought such
j Doys as narry uramer, jimmy x ox,
Al Truman, Sailor Kramer. Young
Golindo, Eddie Landon, Kid Layman,
Willie Hunt, Willie Chaves, Youn?
Corditas, Jimmy Barry , Gus Williams,
Young Brown, Sammy Good, Nick
Gundy. Youue: Reyes (twice), Mike
Cordova, Battling Eddy, Sammy John- j
i son, and others." I
Tommy is a 133-pounder and has!Mrg eVruth 12n 120 120 360
used Otto Wallace as his sparring Mis3 gtudlev 114 179 137 430
.partner.
GOOD MATCH IN SAFFORD
Nothing is claiming the attention I
of amusement lqviers in Graham coun- j
ty just quite so much as tre ccr.nng !
ten-round bout between . Chet Neff, !
who boxed Eddie Shannon to a draw'p,iair ....194 153 160 612
in Safford recently, and Bcbbie wickham ........ ........US 128 167 441
Waugh, the San Antonio whirlwind, Orr 126 126 126 378
who has a record of victories as lowj j
as the A. E. F.
Neff can be relied upon to keep any
mixer in his class awful busy and
Waugh has the same reputation so
there is no daubt about a fast ten
rounder Saturday night in Safford.
History of Number 40,Mlss ::i
40 years ago an old doctor was put
ting up a medicine for diseases of the
blood, that cured the worst cases of
specific blood poison and. time proved
that the cures were permanent. After
many years I secured the prescription
(being a druggistl, and took each 'in
gredient separately and referred to
my U. S. Dispensartory and other
authoritative books on medicine and
found the medical properties set down
as follows: "Employed in diseases of
the glandular syste, in blood poison,
scrofula, eczema, chronic rheumatism,
catarrh, in sores, ulcers, pimplet, skin
eruptions, mercurial and lead poison
ing. Under its use nodes, tumors and
scrofulous swellings that have with
stood al' other treatment disappear as
if by magic." To commemorate my
fortieth year as a druggist I named
this medicine "Numoor 40 For the
Blood." J. C. Mendenhall, Evansville,
Ind.
Sold by Lowell Drug Co., and Cen
tral Pharmacy. Adv.
K fc. O SS.
ARMY
BLACK GUNMETAL,
MAHOGANY CALF OR
INDIAN TAN CALF
S1
the Buckhecht Army
a man's ihoe! Worn by
at all timet, in all clime.
comfort and extra iervice.
At principal o.-lcn on
your dealer U not mpplied, order direct from
ftianuraciurr t uvrvuiiar tMivt oc 1 1 1 1 dan rrancuco
; nnnnnnuTP
i uuuu rmnio
O. P. French, manager of the Eisboe
Athletic club, was in receipt ytster-
i day of a letter and telegram from Earl
best of Pacific coast lightweights,
Jimmie Marshall.
Marshall has met such men as Jim
my Duffy, Frankie Burns, Ollie Nack,
rhil SalVadore and Young Frar.ce,
and is recognized as one of the top
notchers of his weight in the gsme.
Mohan declares that Marshall is witl
ing to meet any man of his pounds in
the country, with Chet Neff preferred.
These announcements come right
on the heels of a bunch of challenges
from Clark Duncan, .manaser or Jim
mie 'ianning, the Kansas lightweight
c.Vrapk.a and from Jack Kanne, the
well known Denver promoter, who
is also anxious to enter the Bisbee
f Ma ,vith ni3 stable. Manacer ITench
is taking all these proposals under
consideration, and it looks much as if
Bisbee fans are due to see the beat
bouts of the entire west during the
. coming winter and spring.
Bowling Results
Ladies' night on the Y. M. C. A.
' alleys last night was in truth ladies'
' night in but one of the two matches
bowled. Captain Drury's P. D. Store
. No. 1 team went down to defeat at
ltie lianas 01 -Mrs- venutns indies
No. 2, out Lapiam lllairs P. D. Stole
.rA .i ........... i ,A n . , . ... I r.. :
- ' ' Tf
contestants, Mrs. Tonkins Ladies No.
team
. Tnp gcoleg ollow:
P. D. Store No. 1
12 3 Total
175 145 144 464
15S 177 137 472
140 146 137 423
j
Drury ..
Zozaya
Reimor
473 4fiS 418
1359
Ladies' No. 2
1 9 1 Tnlal
'Mis E. Kennedy.. .147 135 133 420
3S1 434 395 1310
Handicap 1S5
Total
.1395
P. D.
Store No. 1
y f f TMoi
4C6 412 453 1331
Handicap -3
Totai 1334
Ladies' No. 1
12 3 Total
Mrs. Tonkin 121 142 1C0 333
Mass Core 163 133 139 435
415 42S 408 1251
Tonight Amos' C. & A. team will
bowl Atkinson's C. Q. mine team,
while Bogda's School Faculty team
will bowl Bliss' Sac. Hill No. 1 team.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
IJ. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz..
October 17, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that
j Mary Brown, of Stark. Arizona, who.
on May 10. 1917. made Homestead En
try No. 031502. for NWU. Section 4.
Township 24-S, Range 23 E, G. & S. R.
B. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make Three-Year Proof, to
establish claim to the land bove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee Arizona, on
the 29th day of November, 1919..
Claimant names as witnesses:
Homer R. Fike of Stark. Arizona.
Robert At horn of Bisbee, Arizona.
Cormal M. Coins and John Harrison,
both of Stark, Arizona.
'" J. L. IRVIN. Register.
10-24-19
ECHT
SHOE
From toe to heel
Shoe u everr inch
men in all walks of life
A shoe built for unusual
Get a pair today 1
the Pacific Coast. If PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
1
IF ONLY
BY MORRIS
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
By F. F. M.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month $...80
Six months 4.60
Twelve Months 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year . 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered -on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"Time's noblest offspring is the last."
Bishop Berkeley.
IN ITS TRUE COLORS
COMMENT upon the dastardiiness of the murders committed by
members of the I. W. W. in Centralia, Washington, on Armis
tice Day would be dot only superfluous, but insulting to the
moral intelligence of the average newspaper reader. No true
American need have pointed out to him the utter degeneracy of
creatures who shoot down, in cold brood, men who offered their all
for their country, while those men are marching, defencelessly in
the open, in a paiade which is part of the nation's expression of joy
over its deliverance through the brave patrioti.sm of the men thus
shot down.
That lives unselfishly offered on the battlefield 'as a sacrifice to
the nation's loftiest ideals should escape death on the battlefield
only to meet it through bullets from the cowardly, ambush-protected
hands of degenerate members of the 100 per cent degenerate 1. W. Y.
organization has caused a wave of indignation to sweep the nation
such as it has not known for years.
The significant facts in connection with the I W. W. Centralia
outrage are two: First, that by it is shown that the legitimate child
of the I. W. W. creed of destruction, carried to its logical outcome,
is plain, unvarnished, unqualified MURDER, which knows no consid
eration of love of country, love of fel'ows.or any other quality. which
distinguishes the nuinan lrom ihe brute; Second, that the I. W. W.
are not representative of any considerable portion of the American
people, or any other people, dedicated to the redress of real or fan
cied grievances, but that the I. W. W. is a small, cowardly and con
temptible handful of misfit human monstrosities, dedicated to de
struction for destruction's sake, and murder for murder's sake.
In the Centralia outrage the issue has at last become square
cut, and the wool has been pulled from the eyes of that misled class
of I. W. W. "sympathizers" who, through the misrepresentations of
I. W. W. professional recruiters and propagandists, have so far failed
to espy the yellow-fanged wolf which strikes in the dark from b
neath the sheep's clothing.
The issue before all those who have been lukewarm in their
opposition to the I. W. W. and their creed, or who have secretly or
openly expressed sympathy with the I. W. W. or attempted to detend
thenft has now resolved itself into simply and nakedly this:
Do you, or do you not, condone murder?
The I. W. W., a small, sordid excrescence of slime on humanity's,
sea, at last has shown itself to the world in its true colors. It is an
organization of murderers, with potentiality for murder coextensive
with its growth, and actual commission of murder limited only by
its opportunities to find a dark alley or a defenceless victim.
Nation-wide repudiation of the I. W. W. swift crushing of the
dangerous reptile with which some irrational sentimentalists in the
nation have been playing is now certain. In the Centralia outrage
the I. W. W. hanged itself by its own bootstraps.
The I. W. W. member is n expression of biological decadence,
such as is often observed among the lowest forms of animal life.
And among the higher forms ol life even among the more intelli
gent beasts, to say nothing of humanity such a morbid anomaly
cannot, under the law of development, long survive.
ON THIS, DEMOCRATS AND G. O. P.
AGREE
AN issue has r.t last been found upon -which the Republican and
Democratic members of the lower house of congress are in
harmonious accord. When Representative Esch of Wisconsin,
chairman of the committee which framed the house railroad
regulation bill, announced the committee's opposition to the Plumb
"tripartite control" plan for the roads, and declared that the com
mittee was satisfied that government ownership in any form would
never solve the railroad problem, the chamber rang witli mingled
cheers of Democrats and Republicans, according to the Associated
Press.
An issue upon which the nation's two great political parties are
able to sink their differences in agreement of a heartiness which
brings forth cheers must be a . deep-seated issue indeed. It means
that the American public, after wuat they have passed through in
the matter, do not want government ownership of railroads, any
more than they want that expression of the. weird genius of Mr.
Plumb known as the Tripartite Plan; and that the leaders of both
political parties have intelligence enough to realize the decisiveness
of public opposition irrespective of partisanship. That government
ownership of railroads will not be an issue in the 1920 campaign is
a foregone conclusion neither party is sufficiently bent on 6uicide
to advocate it.
TEACH THE CONSTITUTION
F.IRST and foremost has got to be fought out the problem as to
whether the Constitution of the United States, protecting the
right of the individual to make material progress, to accumu
late and to save, is to be protected, says the Mojave County
Miner.
The rirst reform necessary is to put behind the flag at every
echoolhouse the Constitution of the United States. There should
never bo a graduation certificate or a diploma issued to a West Point
cadet, a State university student, a high school scholar or a grammar
school pupil who has not pasted an examination and shown his
knowledge of the meaning of the Constitution of the United States
and its representative form of government.
In the political agitation that has gone on, it seems almost to
have been forgotten that great as is the Constitution of the United
States, its greatness consists in the freedom it gives to individual
enterprise aud for combinations of enterprise and capital; the pro
tection it gives to individual inventors, and the stimulus it furnishes
to individual initiative.
U. S. spells not only "combination" but wealth and independence
as the reward for business nerju isc which enlarges output, im
proves quality and reduces prices
New York longshoienien. are getting back to work, and by exer
cising strirt economy they can in six months be as well off as they
were before they struck.
If you Can't understand the reasoning of (lie Red.' consider the
man who wrecks a train in order that he may pick the pockets of
the dead.
Coal strike leaders are unanimous in the conviction that, it iku'l
necessary for Grayson to give the prea'dent any further tonic for his
nerve.
.
BILLY THE KID
I: illy the Kid was a bold, bad man,
With a co!d, cold eye and a gun.
And those who couldn't agree with him
He shot down, one by one.
He robbed the stages and scalped the men,
And he raised Old Nick 'till he died.
And tho3c who had dodged him while he lived
Then sat down tr.d thankfully sighed.
Nov.- he'.-, a hero of moving films.
With 'a here ice blende and sweet.
With a UlV.o rel kerchief 'rcund her neck,
And cowboy boots on her feet;
A:icl ::;at is the reason the pioneer s .'cars
As he yawns at tho picture show,
T. seo what a fool director can do f
With the. west of the long a.o!
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ag o Today In Bisbee
smile mm US
(From the iEsbee Daily Review of Thursday, November 13, 1902.)
R. A. Provot, general superintendent
of the Sierra de Cobre Mining com
pany in the Cananea district .arrived
la Bisbee yesterday with the news
that a hold-up occurred in the offices
of that company on the night of
Wednesday, November 5. Mr. Procot
and M. K. Casey were in the office at
9 o'clock that evening when two mask
ed men entered, covered them with
revolvrs, complld Mr. Cassidy to opn
th sof, took from it about $500 in cur-
rncy and hen stood the two ivctims up
against the wall while they backed out
of the office. Upon Mr. Provot taking
step forward one or the robbers
took a shot at him, the bullet entering
the wall a few inches from his head.
The Copper Queen company has of
fere a reward o $100 gold for the ar
rest of e-ither of the ribbers, u wnlch
Mr. Provot has added a reward of $25.
sen water was turifed on the smould
ering sulphur fumes and last ight the
supe.intenednt reported that the fire
was under control. The damage to
tihbers was slight, the largest expense
attached to the accident aeing tne lay
ing ot 1000 feet of pipe.
W. C. Read of the Naco Lumber
company has been, in Bisbee for the
past few days making arrangements
for opening a branch lumber vara at
or near the Calumet "switch on the E.
P. & S. W., about a mile and a half
below , town.. The new yart will be
ready for business about January 1.
QUESTIONS ASKED
A small boy of the Jewish persua
sion who was pla:ng at tho end of the
pier fell into the sea and was only
rescued after ereat difficultv hv an in
trepid swimmer, who dived off the end
cf the pier and succeeded in getting ;
the boy into a rowboat.
Half an hour arterward, muca ex
hausted by his effort, the rescuer wast
walking off the pier when a man came
up and tapped him on the shoulder.
"Are you the man what saved by
son Ikey's life?"
"Yes," answered the much-exhaust-
ed hero. I
"Then," asked the Hebrew in indig-'.
nant tones, "ve're's his cap?"
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Nov. 12 Up afier dreaming about the fights all night, and also about
the dance in Maze hall, where I stood on my toes and watched the dainty
frou-frous fox-trotting wilh the cashier, and then to town, where I found
out that I had knocked out Kid Kiggins in the paper when it wasn't so at
aU, but at that I think he is to be congratulated, for it is much more sooth
ing to be knocked out in the paper than in the ring. Did also hear that
Loughery. following his victory, will enter the advertising business, and is
already ;.nr.omicmg that he won his battle with-Chambers because he drinks
"Pep," whatever that Is, which made me think that I might pick some loose
change ty -telling how "Tanlac" has saved me from a bootlegger's late.
Much discussion today about the Tights, but I not much interested, as every
body is wrong but I, which will make my wife 6mile when she reads this.
To the Y, where I talked religion for a while and would have convinced my
pdversaiy if he were possessed of any understanding, which has always
been the case when I have entered the field, of theology- To my friends of
the cigarsttnd.who were very nice.. A letter from Mr. Zeh, at Cananea.who
also sent me some news ;or the paper, which shows that there Is good
even in .Mexico, aud I hopo that Villa subscribes to this journal ol enlighten
ment and caiches my point. My wife much put out today because the water
was tuined elf, so I advised her to leave the kitchen and cut the grass in
the lawn with the mower I brought from the coast and which I cannot sell,
but she only ordered me from the dinner table, and so I to the office without
any dessert. To Attorney Murray, who had some Limericks for me, and
we had a pleasant chat, and nothing more, but perhaps I looked for too
much right after Armistice Day, when there was plenty. Worked hard at
the office, where there was much news, including a story about, the new
soccer team of the Knights of Columbus, and I thought then, as I always
have, that the name should b.e changed Mmi "soccer" to "soak 'em." To
bed late, finding that I still had some money from pay-day, which I hid in
the kitchen lest my wife should go through my trousers again.
THAT COAL STRIKE
I could not figure it out at all
What was below or above, it,
But when I looked at the empty bin
I came to the bottom of it!
o
An editorial which we have not seen in any Arizona paper:
Charlies Roberts Would Make a Good Governor."
'Why
The -championship of the southwest
will be decided at a ball game between
Bisbee and Tucson in the tatter c::y
Sunday. The batteries will be Arm
stron gand Drachman for Tucson and
McKenna and Noyes for Bisbee.
The opera house was a scene ot joy
and beauty last night on the occasion
of the inauguration of the ble fair
!. given under the auspices of the Char
ity and Economic club, wnrcn Is sched
uled to run for three nights.
Fire, started by spontaneous com
bustion. broke out Tuesday night in
HOPE SPRING ETERNAL
Ted: "You can't make some fellows
believe that the best thing to do is to
succumb to the inevitable."
Ned: "That's right. Wrounder still
carries his pocket corkscrew and Old
Soak has invested in a copv of "The
! Bartender's Guide.' "
Mrs. Ed Flannigan, mother of Mrs.
M. J. Brophy of this city, with whom
she has been visiting for some time,
returned to her home in Oakland,
Cal., yesterday.
J. M. Stanaway and John Mitchell
No. 40 stope in the Spray mine. Under of Calumet, Mich., are in Bisbee look-
the direction of Superintendent Claw-; in gaftec mining interests
Bwr'.r Ja'i-,:?'.ar.'.' 1 'nf'- - ,
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
LIES OF THE DAY
. The I. W. W. is not afraid of the American Legion.
We have noticed a decided drop in the high cost of living since Herb
Hoover made his famous announcement.
The board of county supervisors is getting better every day. (Whaddaya
mean; "Better.")
My wife is not thinking about the near approach of Christmas.
A sport writer's life is one sweet dream of peace especially in Bisbee!
Mr. M. Cassidy is not interested in the eastern election returns.
o
As Tennyson K. Daft blissfully sings:
I write these verses every day, .
A waste, you say, of ink;
But you forget most people would
Much rather laugh than think!
o
A Seattle minister protests that tho daring dress of some of the women
church members makes it tremendously hard for a young man to keep his
thoughts pure. But it does get the young men out to church.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
,DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
The Bride "Oh, Bridget, you're al
ways breaking something!"
The Bridegroom "Why dont' you
give her some of our cut glass wedding
presents to wash?" Life.
Rule Was Broken
MENU FOR TODAY
BREAKFAST Cereal with sliced
bananas, toast,, coffee.
LUNCHEON-Corn fritters with si
rup, cottage cheese, brown bread, tea.
DINNER Veal chops, milk gravy,
plain boiled potatoes, beets, stuffed
pepper, salad, sponge cake, fruit, jelly,
coffee.
Unea:;y liuo the head that put off ordciiug winter coal.
"DO YOU WONRER WHY?"
You catch a germ disease if you al
low flies to crawl over ;our food?
Or roaches or other insects, or
mice or rats around your kitchen?
Or cats and dogs to lick milk bot
tles and dishes, or your hands and
face?
It you put money or other dirty ar
ticles in your mouth.
If you do not wash your hands be
fore you handle or eat food?
Or if you carry dirty hands to mouth
or nose?
If you allow persons to cough or
;neeze over your food?
If you eat food that has been hand
led by uncleanly persons, or that has
come from uncleanly pruiv. u::l3
cooked after you get it) ? '
If you fill the air with dust, cither
in dusting or sweeping?
Or that you increase ihe danger,
that is always present to some extent
of contracting any one or these dis
eases by anything that injures your
health, such as excessive candy eat
ing, overwork, nndersleep. insufficient
tood, bad air. or bad teeth or other
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an.
swer, either In this column or by
mall, questions of general interest
relating orUy to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
diseases allowed to go without treat
ment? Rather wonder why you still live.
(2 Wat causes one's fet to gft ?
t.rj.roW. ; i Those who gutter from cotd f;u
are tf:uallv found, on- examinatioi , to
ihavv'very poor circulation in if.c legs-
In, many, instances the' circ.il t!m s
irl litred with by varicose vc'iis. In
othe.- instances the blood Yew-'ls of
the legi' seem to be smaller man ni
O'- 'i not respond so.readilv to the
b yiuy demands made upon tluhi.
GLOWING SILK ENHANCED
IN BLACK COMBINATION
By Betty Brown
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 Black and
gold in combination, can never out
grow its charm. When a glimpse of
coral is added the resulting costume is
an achievement. A seni: .-jrmal frock
which makes use of this combination,
has a graceful stple of such simplicity
that it may be copied at home without
difficultv. The material chosen for
this particular frock was radium silk
of a shade changing from pale taupe
to shimmering gold. The skirt iv
made in bouffant style, with large
folds which merge into the edge of the
skirt at the bottom. The skirt is rais
ed to a shorter length at the bae. and
her enters the real touch of gold. A
width of several inrhes or gold fili
gree lace, widening at the back, fin
ishes th skirt and makes the real
edge. A set-in yoke of the same lace
finishes the waist with a low, round
ing neck, and extends over the shoul
ders as foundation for a brief length
of sleeve. Short tabs of gold lace
peep from beneath a soft girdle of
eorol satin ribbon.
Insistently damning relationship
with such a creation is a (kep brini
bed picture hat of black panne velvet,
drooping ever to slightly. Us only
I - h 4
the Philadelphia public schools Miss
I Roadifer has aided in the reduction of
; preventable accidents in that city 37 Va
per cent in the past year.
I Miss Roadifer emphasizes aK-ty
firrt and accident prevention among
children by telling stores. The school
children gave her the name of "Miss
Safety First."
O n
i ROME When Miss Gertrude G. Lee
jwas given audience by the pope she
I appeared w ithout the mantiila which
; Vatican rule rcquercs he worn by vvo
fmon received. Tho pope said the
the Kiii.-.hts of t'olmnlnts uniform was
i it sovereign nassuort to his nresenee
land M:s;i Lve was in the K. of C. war
service.
SCHOOLS FOR BRIDES
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. Courses for
newly weds and engaged girls are be
ing sriven by Teachers 'College, Co
lumbia university, which has a "prac
tice apartment" equipped so that four
of the students and one teacher live
there for a period long enough to put
their knowledge to actual test. The
course has been running for thrro
years.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 12. Cincmnati
has started a class for engaged girls
and newlyweds at East Nigar. scwmoI
in the Woodward High school. The
class is under the direction of Miss
Grace Hobson, for years a teacher of
the household arts.
Graduate Nuurses
Of State to Meet
In Tucson Dec. 3
trimming is an encircling Dnd of
champagne shaded ostrich, solteniug
the outline of the brim.
TEACHING SAFETY BY
STORY TELLING
"Miss Safety First" in private life
is Miss Laura Roadifer of Philadelphia
As director of tafcty education in
A muss meeting of all gradu tte
nuvsos of the unite will bo held at
tho Safl'oid nchool auditorium, at
Tutsan, AriJin.t, ot the third day of
IvcTi'ibcr. KT.. a; 0 p. m.' ' ;
The iii'.er tMe secretary. Miss 131d
redge, will be present and addivsi
the rurses on st;;U and national as
social ions i-.nd war time measures.
All nurses are expected '. make a
'special effort to he u-sen. ;'s a
I l.-'ige attendance is ;' J sire l.
j Receytjon for Miss KMi edgo. and
Kitin;., iiui i.es v. ::i l. . held at S p. i:J. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919.
H E . B I S B E E D A I L .Y: R E V I E W
PAGE FIVE
-.1
i
Raids on I. W; W.
Follows Shooting
Of Legion Parade
(Continued From Page One)
Judge George Dysart said citizens
had promised to let the law take its
course.
"Last niL'rt I talked to them and
promised that every I. V. . V. arrest
ed here would be given a quick and
just trial," s;id Jauge Dysart.
"The lo.u:er sctjicra promi.sed to
aid oliicIt-iO jail the men.''
Kemy Id. While, l"ni:cd States
Immigration cctnmiione.-, was le
poiied en. route to Investigate tho
records cf all a'ien I. W. V. held and
cnuc::vor to depJit ihe::i if they aie
not held i:i conuection with the
shoot ing.
"Buck" Smith, who was lynched,
Vi'.s reported by officials to have a
police rceo:J in WasliingLCU.. During
the war it v.-a a 3-iid Smith causcj
tiouble '.a western lumber camps and
i?. lumber company wroio to a patri
otic oiganization that Smith was a
meni-.-e and asked that he b" trie-led.
Smith waj arrested at Cedar Falls,
July, 1917. when he and other al
leged I. w. W. deiied a freight train
crtw at a tune winners compianicu
of sabotage being praciced in the
grain fields and fruit orchards.
Mayor C. 11. Fitzgerald of Seattle
late today issued a statement warn
ing all radicals to "leave Seattle off
their future itineraries." The state
ment v.-as made af.er two raids had
been made by the Seattle police.
C'HICACCO, Nov. 12. William D.
Kaywood, general secretary of the
I. W. W., toduy s-'id that there wa3
no record of an I. W. W. branch at
Centralia, Wash. He raid he thought
the actc of violence ascribed to the
I. W. V. members were eiiher com
mi'tcd by maniacs' or were the tesult
of provocation not yet, disclosed.
wASiitvcTiK. Nov. 12. General
Pershing tou'ght issued a statement j Pedro, Coahuila
JIA II i' . . .
"It i a :;erk.us outrage that vet
erans cf the woild f.r, parading in
Tiniform in celebration of our nation
al victory, should bo shot
mM hl.ioil as v. aj duno in
ton.
"Tr.o d astic measures cannot
taken to :M our country of the
i.r i tn'.inal.-; who insijire or
Bitch ci:;ne:-.."
No name w:.s nio.it i Tt J i.i a ver
dict leiurr.ed by a coronet's jury
wlic!i tarlv ton'g'.it hvhl an inquest
over the body bem-ved in be that
'Brick" Smith.
Th iarv's verdict said:
"We find tl:it de cc.!..-fd
SEAPORT 60 MILES FROM GULF
1 "
y'Jf 1'a4 vr. ' ..t
W.J -rr- !
The Most Delicious Pie You Ever Ate!
A Southern Molasses Delicacy
0 ENGLAND be for aPPk
pies, but it's 'way down South in Dixie for
a real Molasses pie!
Try this recipe for the most delicious pie you
ever tasted. But be sure to get "QOLD LABEL
BRER RABBIT" the mild flavor is what makes
the pie perfect.
Your grocer also sells QREEN LABEL BRER
RABBIT" a specially selected molasses for
general cooking.
TO SUCCtED EONiLLAS
EL Hasu, .ov. VI. Aiionso siller,
wao will act as secretary oi tne Aitx
ican emoassy at i umhuiuu wueu
Aianassauor ignacio iioumas goes to
:ut-xico i.'ity to comer Witti lJresiueiit
Lunanzu, wui sutcettl Jjonmas as aiu
bassatlor.to ins country, i,ccuruaig to
inio.inatio:i reucnuiM Here today.
Sings For Albert
BRINGS BROTHER'S BODY j
F. Ll-Atu, No. 12. Aiamice isreal, j
an Italiiin lueicnunt ot los Angeles, j
Cal., arrived at juaiez today uoui j
Ciiihuahua t.'ity, ;,-.xuo, bringm the I
body oi hi b, other, jaac lsieal, who I
was killed by Mexican banttits at j
Pinon Blanco, August 22, 19iy. Isaac
Isreal was a business man of San
i
down in
Washing-
be
claps I ember
commit
Oi
eainr t!
CLEAR RIGA
COPENHAGEN, Nov. i'j. (ny Uie
Associated Press.) Th? attack of the
Lettish forces which cles.it.-c: K:ga of
the Bolsheviki and transtened tiie en
tire front to the left bank of the
In'iiia live)-, bsan the evening of No-
S. accord;;:?: to advices to tht
Lettish bureau from lliga.
NO AGREEMENT
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12. Railroad
h rutin rhood 'chiefs spent another 'day
vlih'Diiecicr General Hinea on the
brotherhood's demands or changes in
woikiiiK conditions, without reachms
by
,!..-.'i i.v rruni.hot wounds and
st' adulation caused by persons un-i
known." ... .. , !
TcnUht the tody was lyin on the
floor of tho bridsn near here umW
... .. 1,-n..lMl lT.-.t
i,.lir T iitpr it was liio-.vd to
county jii'. I' v.-s expected the cor
oner would di-poae of i.
Two gicups ot former solaiers.
m st of thc-M luembers of the Ameri
can Lcjtiou. -:ndcr leae'erhip of Capt.
Llovd Dysart. a Centralia war vet
eran, returned here tonight from
?..n.l.ita. a con! cnu ioskihk lu" "
.rciieu
any agreement.
i
i
'5. ?- "-v ) Ji
v ...
V
y...:: .
I ,
HOUSTON, Tex. With its mu-
nicipal docks completed, Houston, j
Texas, 60 miles from the Gulf if
Mexico, is ranked as a seaport.
Channel work begun in 1860 is
now complete, at a cost of $10,
000,000, half raised by Houston.
CONCLUDE RATE HEARING
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 12 The j residence
Hearing Deie-re examiners oi me mter
htate Commtic.e commission, at which
lne inter-meuntain shippers submitted evi
dence to support tneir crainia tor a
graded tyfctem of rates rrom the east,
was concluded here today.
STAY EXECUTION
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. A stay of
execution in the cases of the 11 ne
groes condemned to die for participa-
fnrtion in the Elaine, Ark., race riot.-).
in.inutrlal Workers
es.ape-d after the shooting yesieru.i,.
They had in custody P. J. Nolan and
whose name was uui
MABEL GARRISON
NEW YORK Miss Mabel Garrison,
American prima donna, sang twice for
the kins and queen of the Belgians on
their visit to New York, once at the
of Mrs.' Cornelius Vander-
bilt, chairman of the Helgian nospltal
fund, onjc in the Metropolis Opera
house.
Kniehts of Columbus dance tonight.
v 1138-11-13
DONT PUT OFF
It's the neglected cold, cough,
tender throat or tonsils, that
debilitate and leave the body
disposed to serious germ
diseases.
SCOTT'S
EMULSION
should be taken at the firsisigiv
of lowered resistance, cold oi
cough. Th e energizing virtue?
ct Scotf s bang essential
Every Housewife knows
the name "PENICK
& FORD" on a food
means Always the
Best of Its Kind.
22 yean of juaiiir;
BRER RABBIT OLE SOUTH MOLASSES PIE
Boil two cups of BRER RABBIT MoLusei and one tablespoon
of butter.
Break four eggs in bowl or pan; add "pinch of salt; beat until well
mixed.
Pour the molasses over the eggs stirring briskly. N
Have pie pans lined with crust. Pout in and bake. This makes two
pies. If you wish to make but one pie, equally divide Che ingredients.
M FREE
nourishment and help to
the w-eakened system, trf
Give Scot's a trial M
Scott Sc lioiTUf, lil -cinsfieH. N. J. 19-!2
" ':r:: M'lTW
Fascinating and
beautiful new
book of Brer Rabbit's Romantic
Travels. For Mothers, Children
and Cooks. Write Penick 0i
Ford, Ltd., New Orleans.
cmM
0 R-IvISAMS
1 am penalised if ever
One comes back"
r-
ita laVPf in I il ' -- -- " v r. "
Governor Brough by
Kqual Rights league.
the National
another man
learned. .
Captain Dyslart Kiid the pa-.lj
failed to locate Uert urana,
I W W., who. according to A. L.
t'orniW, adjutant of the parade yes
terday, fired the Hhot that killed
Crunm. It was thought today that
Biand fled to Mendota. j
All of vesterday's "shooting did nol
come from the buildings in the vicin-
of tho I. W. Y. nan, as at
learned touay nen
to'.d i
TO SIGN TREATY
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Nov. 12. (Havas)
Premier Stambulisky left today for
Paris. Ilia journey, it is untrerstood,
is for the purpose of signing me Bul
garian peace treaty.
arii ll i I ii mm imt
Milk
i ires
JAPAN MINISTER NAMED ,
SAN ANTONIO, Texas-, Nov. 12.
Juan Rrojo has been nametf minister
of Japan by I'resident Carranza of
Mexico. lie will succeed Manuel
Perez Romero, recently returned to
the republic, according to Consul Gon
zales de la -Mata of this city. Romero
is said jo be slated to head the Mexi-j
can amhessadors to the court of St.
James, London.
SENATOR DIES
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., Nov. 12.
Senator Thomas S. Martin, the
Democratic leader in the senate, died
here today after an illness or several
months. He was 72 years old.
For
Lowell Phone
Go
34
Owing to the very large demand
from Europe the Manchurian bean and
bean oil niarkeh has shown great ac
tivity to the extent of dealing in I0C0
carloads of beans a day. .
the
CANNON, GRANDFATHER
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12. Former
ity
h'livet!. it was
p.,r.!inp Krv a 17-year-old bo
uie pon.c ...... ,"..,rd: Speaker Cannon of Illinois, became a
T. mile lie f.aw them shooting towaia
ps.raue ne ... i great-grandfather today. The an-
to-.Mi ft. ..n a lull i t f.n irom : nouncrment ma(le ln tne house b
tcene i .r.ic......
eaM or Cel.; alii'.' s main street.
1p,i t li-- nolic? to the spot today
ii.rv dircovered a su
i Emma R. Steiner is the only worn
', an in the world who has' successfully
I adopted as a profession the directi i
I of opera, handling orchestras com
posed men in the entirety.
Selected by Us to Give You Quick Service
hi
m
case
Ing a box ot son t.os.-j i"i i.
a field sh'i-i-. a man's coat and a book
containing 1. s-.
ii,v m While. Seattle, iuini
commissioner, annua nere .u-
!o take sieps 10
... i,rtl.l in -rinnee-
alien prisenein n -
tlon with the shooting.
1
j.-rv Representative
aP'vith applause
conti'in-
Madden, was greeted
tien
day
CONGRATULATES. KING
WASHINGTON ,N'ov. 12 President
Wilson sent a message of congratula-
ra. Ition to King Victor Emanuel of Italy,
yesterday, on the occasion of the
king's birthday anniversary. The
president expressed hope of long con
tinuance of the happiness and pros
perity of the Italian people.
Knights of Columbus dance tonight.
Good music at K. of c eras.
MORMON LEADERS
K. of C. Dance every Thursday.
145S-11-13
Follow the crowd to K.
of C. dance.
1458-11-13
Just
Received
WASHINGTON No personage who has visited Washington during ine
war perind. whether lord, arl. duke or kin;;, has been Hie object of more
curious interest than the eideriy, gray-bearded head of the Mormon church.
Ileber J. Grant, who has be.-n visiting ins fellow church official. Senator
Reed Sinoot of Utah. Women wanted to see ihe inan who look two brides
on two sin cen.ive clavj. For, back in the oh! tlajj Alien polygamy was
Viae' iced n.noi::: the Mormons, 'Jrant did that very tiling. Grant at left,
t-moot at the ritht.
Large Assortment of the
Latest
Edison
Records
L L Gilman
Bisbee Lowell Douglas
3Ti
mm
1
Uniform Tires
Mean Long-Distance Millers
' They Look Alike and Wear Alike
MILLER TIRES are built by men who are trained to a
championship standard. Only by uniform workmanship,
can tires ever be uniform in mileage like the Miller. To
train men to our perfection takes much time. We cannot supply
all dealers with Miller Tires.
So our policy is to concentrate, as a rule, on the dealer in each
locality who will give Miller Tire users exceptional attention.
That governed our choice in this city.
We chose a concern that knows that to give real service it
must first of all carry a full stock of sizes, so that when you want
a Miller Tire in a hurry, you can get it without waiting.
We are impressed especially with their ability to give motorists
an expert repair service, and by their reasonable charges.
Before making this selection we canvassed the local field thoroughly. And
the Miller agents here are making good with us by making good with you. Arc
you getting the benefit of what they have to offer?
The Miller Rubber Company PAGE SIX
THE BiS BEE DAILY REVIEW,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORlk. Nov. 12. On the
largest volume of transactions, this
year and the highest money rates in
12 years, the M.-ock market today took
further heed f the warnings issued
from high financial quarters and con
tinued its process of liquidations,
(leneral Motois was again in a class
by itself, making a perpendicular de-
points below maximums of the last
fortnight.
General Motors, which recently
sold at a higher price than any other
stock, again was under persistent
pressure, dropping 6SV2 points to 2:-:o,
or a loss of 12G, points from its
hish record of last wenk.
The taction encompassed every
variety of stock issue, although
scent of 6S'i points to 280. the latter ! United States Steel, high-grade rails
quotation represe nting- it lows of 162Va j and .tne cr'Per shares finished at
points from its maximum of the pre- relatively nominal losses. However,
ceding week. I rai!s a a groujVforreited virtually all
A few stocks, notably United States j the improvement made in the previ
Steel. investment rails and metals, oils months.
Liquidation was so general and
constant r.s to defy analysis. From
all accounts much of the selling wan
involuntary and a large proportion
was traced 10 out-of-town traders,
who expressed discouragement at the
nia kets sharp reversal.
Theie was little calling of loans,
but only small sums were available
ai. call at the opening rate of 14 per
cent, whie time money was scarcely
obtainable except for short dates at
74 to 8 per cent, t
The local reserve bank officials at
their meeting took no action looking
to a further advance of the discount
rato.
Banks which specialized in loans
to brokers stated after the close of
the market that loans had undergone
very substantial reduction. While no
figures were mentioned, it was be
lieved that events of the last two
days had curtailed brokers' accom
modations by no less than' $250,
000,000. The "Street" buzzed with rumors
and gossip of the large winnings
made by prominent traders. There
is little doubt that the aggressive tac
tics of that element added materially
to the decline.
Many additional "stop loss" orders
were caught in the day's 'reaction.
While trading was most active some
of the highly speculative issues
dropped 2 U 5 points between sales.
The mechanism of the stock ex
change was taxed to a greater extent
than at any time in its history.
were immune from the general attri
tion of values, tiieir losses being com
paratively slight.
Tall loans opened at the familiar
rate. of 14 per cent, holding at that
quotation until the thirtl hour of the
session, when 20 per cent was de
manded. In the last half hour 30 per
cent was paid, the closing being 5 per
cent under that figure.
The market was virtually bare of
time fund, eager bidding at 8 per
cent failing to bring out more than a
nominal amount of money.
Foreign exchange was again un
settled, a weak tone prevailing at the
close. Sales amounted to 2,500,000
shares. Of this total over 800,000
changed hands in the lasi tiotfr, the
ticker being 41 minutes late in re
cording the day's business.
All classes of bonds, domestic and
foreign, were depressed on extensie
offerings.. Total sales, par value, ag
gregated $16,6o0,000.
TREAT IS DECORATED
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. Nov. 12. Tightness of
money rates, together with acute
weakness of stocks, hogs ana foreign
exchange, did a good deal today to
'bring about material, setbacks in the
value of corn. Prices closed nervous,
lc to 3c net lower, with Decem
ber $1.30 to $1.30. and May $1.24
to $1.244. Oats lost 'ftc -o c, and
provisions 17c to 65c.
Corn showed a downward tendency
as soon as the market opened, but the
initial impulse seemed due mostly to
predictions of excessive tow tempera
ture for this season of the year. rne9
weather conditions were looked upon
as likely to facilitate the crop move
ment and as therefore bearish. On
the opening" decline, shorts covered
freely, and a reaction carried the
market to above yosteray3 rrnTsTi.
but then the tension in regard to
money as well as the demoralization
of the stock market end and of stor-line-.
besides now breaks in the price
of hogs -nroved too deoressing to be
withstood by holders of corn.. Values
now gave wav rapidly and numerous
automatic stoo-loss orders to sell
rere forced ivio operation just before
the close.
Talk of eTnort business foiled to
unhold oats after corn plunged down
er d
"Packers sellinc p. tided to weakness
that provisions developed with grain
and hogs.
MINERAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Nov 12 Copper quiet;
20i21. Lead firm; spot. 0.75716.90.
Spelter strong; spot. East St. Louis
delivery, 7.90(08.00. Bar silver, 1.26.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov 12 Cotton closed
weak a.t a net decline of 195 to 200
point.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12. Under
pressure from the federal reserve
board and other powerful financial
Interests. Wall Street today adopted
more vigorous measures to put its
house in order.
This was accomplished, by further
severe impairment of quoted values,
a turnover or more than 2,500,000
shares the year's record and an
advance in call loans to 30 per cent
a rate unparalleled since the panic
of 1907.
Altogether the session witnessed
the rost severe purging the stock
market has experienced since Wall
Street entered upon its period of
post-war prosperity.
During thf decline, which began at
the outset, speculative favorites reg
istered losses of 10 to 23 points, their
minimum quotations being CO to 60
"Auction of Souls" Shows
Turkish Harem Practices
And Slave Market Victims
COLLINS & BRETEHRTON, Brokers
O ATM AN
Bid Ask
Big Jim 6 7
Gold Ore - 2 . 3
Gold Dust 7 9
Gold Cliff - 12
Lucky Boy 4 5
Sunnyside B 10
Telluride , 20 23
Tom Reed 1.70 1.73
United Eastern ,. 4.10 4.20
Red Lion .-. 20
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00 2.25
Green Monster 25 .37
Dundee 50 .75
Jerome Verde 50 .55
Magma Chief 45 .50
Wolverine-Arizona 2.85 3.25
Verde Combination .37 .50
Night Hawk ...5.25 5.50
Kay '-- 2.60
North Tigre Leas. 25
Con Copper Mines 5.50 5.62
Nacozari Consolidated 40 - .45
OIL STOCKS
Bid Ask
Bid Ask
Big 4 - 1.50 1.70
Duke of Dublin 80
Comanche Home ...-. 1.25
Comanche County 1.05
El Paso-Ranger 55 .65
El Paso-Burkburnett 8.00
Jaegers-Wallace : 1.25
King 8 3.50 4.50
Ocean ..1.95 2.05
Ranger Central 2.40 2.50
Ranger Burk 1.65 1.80
Ranger O. and G 2.50
Silver Cycle 1.Q0
Texas Crude , 40
' Jx
i yH' f ' I -
WASHINGTON Brigadier-General Charles G. Treat has been deco
rated by the king of Italy. Prince Monteveale, Italian ambassador, is here
pinning on the medal.
MOVES ON OJINAGA
EL PASO, Nov. 12 General Manuel
M. Dieguez, head of the Carranza
forces in Chihuahua, is moving to
ward Ojinaga, opposite Presidio,
Texas, with a considerable body of
troops, aeroplanes aiid motor trucxs,
to inaugurate an "extermination"
campaign against Villistas in that sec
tion, according to information re
ceived here tonight.
Touring America
SENT TO TAYLOR
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Nov. 12.
Brig. Gen. F. C. Marshall, formerly
commander of the Brownsville dis
trict, has gone to Camp Zachery Tay
lor, Louisville, Ky., for station, ac
cording to Col. A. E. Saxton, depart
ment adjutant. General Marshall will
command a brigade of the division.
stationed at thai camp.
Working Girl Now
6
" i i
f :.
f ' ' ' O-t
..'.;-;::::.:. :.-.v.
t .
i s '
; '"
: - -v t
LORD ySVUA YTtiLING
WASHINGTON Lord Swathiing is
in America for the first time in 20
years, and astounded at the changes
he sees. v His son is bein placed in
Harvard university and Lord an1
Lady Swathiing are maidrv-; 1 tt.ur cf
the country. '
MUST HAVE PERMIT
NOGALUS. Ariz.. Nov. 12. An
American cannot purchase land in
S-mora, Mexico, belonging to another
American unless he obtains npecial
permission from Mexican authorities
at. the national capital, according to
an-American who recently attempted
to make such a purchase in the vicin
ity of Oajeme, Ronora.
After long experimentation an Ital
ian scientist has succeded in making
felt and cloth and spun glass for use
as insulating material in storage batteries.
IMPORTANT
Homer Union 'Petroleum
Stockholders
Write us at one-? we have
facts lhat you snould know.
Homer Union should go up to
$10.00 or more a share it can
if you will help. Write today.
J. J. JOOS COMPANY
203 Mills Street, EL PASO, TEX.
Where Can I Find Relief From
Itching, Terrifying Eczema?
Question on Lips of Afflicted.
There is a harrassing- discomfort
caused by Eczema that almost be
comes a torture. The itching' is al
most unbearable, and the skin
seems on fire with the burning ir
ritation. A cure from' local appli
cations of salves and ointments
is impossible, because such treat
ment can only allay the pain tem
porarily, 'i he disease can only be
reached by going deep down to ita
source, which is in the blood, the
disease being caused by an infec
tion which breaks out through the
skin. That is why the most satis
factory treatment for all so-called
skin diseases is S. S. S., which act$
by cleansing the blood. Get a bot
tle to-day, and you will see results
from the right treatment. Medical
advice free. Adiiress Medical Di
rector, 43 Swift Lldjj., Atlanta, Ga.
CAN TUBERCULOSIS BE CURED?
Dr. Glass has posi
tive proof he is able
to cure Tuberculosis
by inhalation In aay
climated.
For further lnfovf
matioh address T.
F. GLASS . INHA
LENT CO., SUITE
512, MASON BLDG.,
LOS ANGELES,
CALIFORNIA.
THAT COLD WON'T
BOTHERYOU LONG
' Not if you let Dr. Bell's Pine
1 Tar-Honey help relieve it
COLD-DISCOMFORT is some
thing no man, woman, or child '
should be bothered with for any
length of time. The pleasant ingred- '
; icnts of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey help .
wonderfully in loosening phlegm and
congestion, easing the breathing, and
relieving cough, bronchitis, cold in- '
flammation, hoarseness.
The test of time has favored Dr. j
Bell's Tine-Tar-Honcy. It helps speed- !
ily, safely, to start a cold-sufferer on j
the road to normal. No medicine j
cabinet should be without it. 1
.All Druggists. 30c, 60c., $1.20.
9
pC - i
Iff
ni
Knights of , Columbus dance tottght.
145M1-13
Costive Children and Grownrps
Costiveness harms t!ie system, m&kes you
du'.l. listless, ambitionless. Correct it w!t!s
i'o-Do-Lax. Natures' able hel-ier. Po-Do-Lax
i gentle but thoroughly efficient. A tried
and worth;' remedy. 00c. Ail druggists.
0 INTNL
ADELAIDE 5EDGWlCI
NEW YORK. Miss Adelaide Seg-
wick was a society belle, popular at j
teas and dances, till she went over- j
seas for war work. Now shet likes
work best and lias gine into busi
ness manufacturing dainty boudoir
furnishings.
Follow the crowd to K. of C. dance.
1458-11-13
Young: girls who fell under the
brutal lash of the Turks are pictured
in "Auction of Souls," which will be
i;een at the Eagle theater today and
tomorrow... They are also shown
draped in the sheerest cloth being
sold in the slave market, and they
are shown as members of the harem
of an eastern potentate.
The production also shows a score
of them crucified on rude crosses in
the "desert as examples of what
awaited the Armenian girls who
dared resist the advance of the
Turks, or who refused to renounce
Christianity at the demand of the
Moslems.
Reality Not Fiction
Up to the present time all film
and stage versions of eastern harem
and slave market scenes even those
produced by the greatest directors
sought their Inspiration from the
stories of the Arabian Nights and
from paintings which reproduced the
harems and slave markets of a thou
sand years ago. and which are not
true to life in the twentieth century.
In "Auction of Souls." the produc
ers have broken with tradition and
in stage setting, costume and ac
tion, have reproduced not a conven
tions! Arabian Night slave market
and harem scene, but have taken as
their models these places as they ac
tually exist today or did exist before
the British entered Constantinople.
Adv.
r4
AWRIGHT, GO
PAHEAD'N EAT IX ALU p)
N SEE F I CARE ! )
VOU RE GONNA CATCH "o 1
S IT IM TH' NECK jS JJ
E PRICE IS NOT
THE MOST
important consideration of an automobile, but VALUE
IS. This sums up the policy of the Dort Motor Com
pany in perfecting the DORT CAR. The price of the
DORT is not PROHIBITIVE, but it is sufficient to
include important features that cheaper cars do not
have. At the same time it is much lower in price than
other cars which possess those features. It will, there
fore, satisfy the purchaser who has paid more for a
car in the past, while to him who has paid less it will
prove an unexpected revelation.,
A VISIT TO THE BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
to inspect the newly, arrived DORT CARS will well
repay the prospective automobile purchaser.
Isfoee Ant o Go.
MAIN STREET
A. E. ROGERS, Representative, DORT MOTOR CO.
John McCormack
sings
T X: i
A beautiful song the new day has given
to the World, translated into a thing of
more exalted beauty by the voice of this'
wonderful tenor!
Victrola Red Seal Record, 6482S
New Victor Record by
Heifetz
Another characteristic interpretation
by this young wizard of the violin and
words cannot reveal its woitder.
"Guitarre"
Vicirola Red Sea! Record, 6483
Echoes of our Laddies
A Victor Record presenting two experi
encesof oyr boys in khaki.
"And He'd Say Oo-la-la! Wee-wee!"
Sur.jr by Billy Murray
"Dixie is Dixie Once More"
Sung by American Quartet
Mc:or Cubic-faced Record, 18610
Drop in c:id let v- play lor you any of the
New Victor Records for November
McWhorter's
Talking Machine Shop
-J H m . w m v mm " rav i-
kv.. e i 1 1 am ' i w w m k a . : y 'n- a
r. a J L - -
wTy$ CJjSf rT ' FiTl ' laroRTART hews j
."gl . 'f Nslil ISyg m0S I f - . Wire your orders for
I i-A i S i: i; i Service Wil Corporation H
i hd : v'J Guaktu Goes CtearThmutft 1 tr i stock rthe new Smith- i
f I -1 J 'St". ' LICENSED BROKER
'I cs Jl yr ': 3 320 M.lls Bldg. ' Phone 2624 . jj
B
New Porterfield-Smith
OIL COMPANY
THE SERVICE OIL CORPORATION
Par Value $1.00 ,
5,000 acres in Louisiana and Texas, 200 acres in provr
en Homer Fields; two properties within 1,500 feet of
two gushers. We sold Homer Union at $1.00. Now
it is selling" at $2.25. We now offer this new Smith-'
Porterfield. Company THE SERVICE OIL CORPOR
ATION at $1.00.
This new company is' sure to be a big winner
and may soon be over-subscribed Act NOW.
1
G. A.R. ROSS
Special Agent
DUNBAR AND COMPANY
The Smilh-Porterfield Brokers
Lyric Theatre Bldg., Bisbee 1
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919.
THE BISBEE D A I L Y. R E y I E
PAGE SEVEN
i
i
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word for
eao Iraertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ads will be
seiveJ liter than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken ever the telephone.
For Sale
FOR S ALfcJ- -Another Buick Light Six.
This is the best buy in Bisbee. One
Chevrolet Big 4; iTiis is a Bargain.
Se? W. L. Smart, Lowell Auto Co..
Phone 34.
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALfcl One 5-passenger model
90 Overland ear, in Vi snape;
driven less than 5,000 nines; just
like n?vv. Apply to B. F. Moss, No.
53 J V.. T. St., Johnson audition.
1465-11-15
FOR SALI" Studebaker four, seven-pa?soiii(ei-;
run 7,000 miles; iirst
class condition, fine tires; cheap
for cash. Phone L 2!)S. P. O. Uox
re,; 1459-11-16
FOR SALE Buick ,4" touring car,
191S model, good condition mechan
ically; fine rubber. Right price to
riht party. Address Bisbeo, Box
2056. Phone -Black 79S. 14'611-15
FOR SALE High powered seven-passenger
car, siv-cylinders; cost JCUOO,
ia pood condition; will sell cheap.
Address Box 107, Naco, Arizona.
1434-11-18
FOR SALE Some drilling steel. 105
Jones' Canyon. 143i-ll-13
FOR SALE One saddle and one heat
ing stove. Phone 5s" 1432-11-13
FOR SALE A leather steumer trur.k,
good condition. Room :0. Mason ho
tel. Lowell. 1443-11-14
FOR SALE Modern cottage, four
rooms, enclosed sleeping povch.
Phono Red 516. 1410-11-16
FOR SALE House and lot. 50x150;
fenced, chicken house, well, 18
fruit trees; furniture. Hoosier cab
inet. Phone Green 540. 1403-11-16
FOR SALE-House, furniture and two
lots, on Tank hill. $1,600. Will take
Ford car as part payment. R. E.
Minor. Box 1C39. , 12S1-11-15
FOR SALE Six lots m Colonial
Heights addition, El Paso; will
trade for a good auto. Box 1720.
1280-11-15
FURNITURE for hotel and restaurant
for sale, with privilege of renting
hotel. Naco Arizona, next to immi
gration office, Naco. 2:6S11-15
. f 4
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe!ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
.1265 tf
FOR SALE One 5 passenger Dodge,
good as new. Slag Dump Garage.
1167-tf
FOB. SALE Vi -horse power, 60 cyt'e,
3820 volt indu-tion motor. Bisbi e
Pally Review. 209-8-24-ttt
FOR SALE One second hand -ton
Willys utility truck, in very good
Mechanical order; good body, rea
sonable price. Slag Dump Garage.
160-tf-22
FOR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
689-SU-17
FOR SALE Five-passenger Dort car,
first-class shope; terms; $400.00.
Slag Dump Garage. 1223-11-4-tf
FOR SALE Central Cafe, Johnson
addition, at a bargain, if sold by
Kov. 10. 1338-11-16
WILL SELL for $1700 cash, seven
room house, completely furnished
for three families; $500 worth if
improvements made on place; $600
worth of furniture; clear title, and
fire insuarnce paid; three minutes'
walk from High ixhool. No 16
Tank hill. iHO-11-16
FOR SALE At a bargain, one fuiir
and one five-room house, on car
line. Apply at A. G. Ascher, Adams
addition. 1453-11-14
FOR SALLi Three-rouni house at CM
Quality hill; terms. Also gas range
and office desk. Pnone Red 870 or
61. 14f0-Nov.l9
FOR SALE Apples from Merrill
On-hard, St. Iivil. Best flavor,
color, size. Drive out Sunday, or
write for price. W. J. Page, St.
l;v)d. 1417-Nov.l6
FOR SALE Nash ear. 1919 serial,
rur. 1.900 miles. Apply 16 Tate
hill. Johnson addition. 11 Rourke.
VsiftCPil.nrri
WARREN CLEANERS. Phone 22G.
1169 Nov.iu
ANYONE krwing Hie whereabouts
of Bill Rwjvis, better known as
"Si," please cr.niniunicHtp with Rob
ert Berber, Patagonia. 1170 11-20
WILL PARTY that took Angora eat
from St. Regis Hold November ll.
please return same, as they wore
seen and are known. ( 1454 11 14
BUY A GOSSARI) CORSET to look
well and feel welK All corsets fit
ted by lues Warburtun. l'rit-c, $2.50
up. Next to Arizona Grocery Htore.
1239-11-18
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wreckod or
running; also junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk aud Auto W ret kiu? Co.,
Johuboa add. Tel. 51. MlOVJll
For Rent
FOR RENT Yellow uouFe on Boule
vard opposite C. A. hospital, Be
kerille, four rooms, modern, furnish
ed or unfurnished. Call after 4:30
p. m. 1451-11-16
FOR RENT Seven-room house on
Vista, Warren; will rent to June 1
cpiy. See Jesse Yoakum, pssae t.
1443-11-13
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish-
ed rooms with running water; elec
i trie lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for Bummer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St.,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, Ari
zona Hotel Brewery Gulch, half
block from depot. 1024-11-14
FOR KENT Three-room unfurnished
' house, with kitchenette. Phone
, Blue 822. 1402 Nov.16
FOR SALE OR RENT Small grocery
and living rooms; also rooming
house if desired; only small capital
required. Box 1397. 145011-14
FOR RENT 3-rooni furnished bunga
low. 14 Laundry Hill, Shearer.
14401113
FOR RENT Apartment, furnished.
Hayes House, Tombstone canvon.
JW2-11-14
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Laundry driver ar once.
Warren Laundry Co. 1462-11-15
! WANTED Truck driver at McWhor-
ters. 1446-11-15
WANTED A first class snoe maker.
Electric Shoe Shop, Main street,
Bisbee, Ariz. 1433-11-13
WANTED Pantryman. Copper Queen
hotel. 1272-tf
MINE SUPERINTENDENT, fluent
Spanish. Thoroughly acquainted
wiili Mexicans and manner of hand
ling them. Proficient shrinkage
stope mining; knowledge modern
methods; copper mining cost and
how to obtain them. Write Carnegie
Lead & Zinc Co.. Warren, Ariz., giv
ing full details first letter.
1283-11-21
Wanted
WANTED To buy, small amount or
Texas Crude Oil stock; must be
cheap for cash. State price wanted
with reply. D. D. M., care Review.
1460-Nov.l3
WANTED Contract drift or shaft
work, by two A-l miners. Phone
367. 1461-11 21
WANTED Two or three local men or
women to sell stock; will make good
proposition to right parties; expe
rience unnecessary. G. A. R. Ross,
Lyric Theater bunding. 1435-11-13
WANTED To rent, four- or five-room
furnished house, with bath, in War
ren; no children. H. Y. uttley.
Phono 220. 1427-11-16
WANTED To buy a house in Tomb
stone canyon. Address Box A. Y.,
Review. i275-Nov,15
WANTED To buy, m Warren, five
or six-room house, near park, on
ievel. Address Box 18S7, Bisbee.
1276-11-15
WANTED Nursing and sewing; will
go out by day. Phone Black 512.
1257-Nov.l4
NOTICE Buy Invader or Texas ror a
winner; 5 cents up to November 15,
1919. See F. Briggs & Co., Lowell.
Phone 701. 1262-11-14
The most complete job printing
plant, in Arizona at your service.
Fhone Si. Review.
LOST
LOST A ladies' handbag, between
port .office and Stevens' Electrical
, Shop. The bag contained an Elgin
wrist watch, a receipt, and about
$250 in currency. Finder please re
turn to Review and receive reward.
1471-11-13
LOST Star and crescent pin. Re
ward at Review. 124S-11 13
Female Help Wanted
, WANTED Girl for general house
work; no washing. Apply E. Marks.
I Tank hill. 1340-0 30 tf
Found
FOUND A pair ot glasses. Owner
may have same. by ctlling at Re
view. 1457-11-13
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
3. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9. 1919.
Notice is hereby uiven: Thnt Altnn
Clason. whose postolTice address r
Bisbee. Arizona, h.-is- made Applica
tion' for patent foi the following
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Mining District, Coehrsr
County, Arizona, in Sections 7, 8, 17
ami 18. unapproved T. 23 S.. R. 24 K.
G. & S. R B. & M. described as fal
lows, towlt:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Coiner
No. 1, the N. W. Coiner; wheure TJ.
S. M. M. No. J725, Wanen Mining
District, bears NT. 20! 10' W. 9074.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 feet
to Corner No. 2: thence S. 37 53'
j W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner
io. 4; tnence N. ST 63' E. l&Otr.O
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place ot be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
In conflict with Survey No. 2133,
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisbee Townsite Survey of 1.TI5
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mining
District, bears N. 3" 49' W. 930&.6
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. . 75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24s 25' E. 606.10
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning,' containing a net area or
18.153 acres, expressly excluding area
In conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING' STAR NO. 3"- Begm
ning at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner; whence U. ST. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' ,W. 98S5.2 feet; thence S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thenco
S. 24 25' W. 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1, tno
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 19.S82 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 1S34, Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529
acres, and with Survey No. 3160,
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acres.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornej
No. 1. thrs N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. ; thence, S. 23 11' YT.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75" 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0". feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area ot 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence T7.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.3
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.fl feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23" if' T,
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflrct
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode c'
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres.
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, tho S. E. Corner; whence the N. I,
Corner of- Section 30, -T; 23 .S., RT
E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6 48'
30" W. 10309 5 feet; thence N. 75
17' W.-1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 15'OO.U
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 2J
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing .
net area of 20.226 acres, express-?
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162. Calcutta lode of 0.423'
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1. the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30. T. 23
S., R. 24 E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 31 55' E. 628.0 feet to
Coiner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.
1,' the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acre3, expressfy
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 1831. North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1. the S. E. Corner; whence tno
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S..
R. 24 E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears b.
3 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75"
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. Ji 06' W. 978.20 feet tc
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence fa.
75 17' E. 600.0 feet to Comer No. 5;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1. the place of beginning
containing a net area ot 7.652 acres,
expressly excluding area in, conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Worcheste.
lode or 0120 acres. Survey No. 3182
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acres.
The location notices or these claims
are recorded in the office of the
bounty Recorder, Cochise Count
Atizona. as follows:
Ahnette, recorded in Book 53. Hec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded in Book 53. Rec
ord of Mines, page 408. j
Willunga, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412. I
Laura, recorded in Book 59. Reeoni
nf Mines, page 411. j
Morning Star No. 3. recorded rn ,
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413. j
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Uec i
ord or Mines page 313. j
Anita, recorded in Book 59. Record j
of Mines, piise 407.
divert, recorded in Book 59, Uec. j
ord of Vines, uaee 410. j
Th 'i itc ot tt.e adjoining claim.-1
to this survey Hie: On the North. I
Survey No 1S::4. Cockney Hill lone.
j and Survey No. L'l '.o. Morning Star
j lode; on the East. Bisbee' towuslte.
j Survey No. 2074. Morning Star No. -i
lode. Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
j lode. Survey No. 1670. Contention
lode. Survey No. 31015. Moonlight loue.j
and Survey No. 3162. Buck. Kite.
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica tones;,
on the South, Survey No. 3102, Silica j
lode, und Survey. No. 1SS1, North. Star
No. 2 Jode; on the West, Survey No.
1881 North Star No. 3, North Star No.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1834, Cockney HilJ and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. U IRVIN.
Register.
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. 9. 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 042965.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
PATENT,
notice Is hereby given that in pur
suance of the United States Minrng
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address 13 Bisbee, Arizona, has
made application for patent for 1495.8
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. i
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. '2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 14S5 lrn
ear feet of the Black Hawk No. t
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated In tfie
Warren Mining District. Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described!
by the official plat herewith posted,!
.. . i i . .... . i
ouu uy tue iei noieN on n:e in tne
office of the Register of the Phoenix
Lund District, State or Arizona, a
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner No.
1. whon the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 R. 23 E.. G. & S. R. B. &
M. brs. S.- O. 35' E., 1560.7 ft.';
thence N 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tbe
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. No.
1. whence thB 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& M., bis. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 ft.;
thence S. 62" 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3;" thence N. 02 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2S
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1. whence the Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 43 16' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600, ft. tc Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55', W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tae
Black Hawk . No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N: 62s 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 25'
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M.. brs. N. 20 11' E. 218.6 ft.j
thence N. 28 55' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 rt.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the place of be
ginning, containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, In
township 23 South, range 25 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian In Arizona.
Tiie location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona. In Book 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457. Book 52, page 165, EooSl
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 420,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed,
and owned by J. Muhelm.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to me
their adverse claims with the Regrs
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of tbe
statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
. i :
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States patent.
Mineral Survey No. 3494
Serial No. 042740.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix. Arizona, Sept. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN thai
'helps Dodge Corporarion, whose
post-olfice address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the. following named ludts mining
claims, siiuate in the Warren Alin
ing District. Cochise County. Arizona:
1 "HORSE SHOE"
l-egiiuing at. Corner No I. whence
V. S.' M. M No. 1"'25, VYurrer. Min
in District, bears N. 0 36' W.
4614.9 feet; thence S ".S 04' E.
ir.00.0 feet to Comer No. 2; thence
S. 45 35' W. C00.O reel to Comer
No. 3: thence N. :!X 12 YV. 1499.6
(-! i.i Cixiiei No. 4: tl:enee N. 45
:'.iV E. o:.6 fee! to Coiner No I.I
the pliiee ot' beginning. ContHiuiux!
uhhI irea of 20 596 acres; expressly I
Heliiilin: U'wii in i-onfli''' with Sur
iry Nt, I SO:'. "CLIMAX" lode, or
0.47:! iicies The p'-esneiecl ronr
( the veto on the cla'.m is from the
fjisi ei.d ;. r.-nter N. T.S" ' 4 1500.0
tee i
"UNION"
Beginning ut Corner No. 1. whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
Ins District, hears N. 13 20 30" E.
3471.8 feet: ihenco S. 34 29' E.
If.Oo.O feet to Corner No. 2: thencu
S. 45 35' W. r,o:.; feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 34 21' W. 1500.0
led to Comer No. i; tlictiee N. 15'
35' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
a net area ct 20.412 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the west end center S.
34 29' E. 1500.0 feet.
"ELK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 3 33' 30" E.
5377.9 feet; thence S. 65 13' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24' 45' W. 600.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
45' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.661 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey
of 4.336 acres; also area in conflict
with "CENTURY" lode, Survey No.
2553. exclusive of its conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey,
3.216 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from the
east end center N. 65" 13' W. 1500.O
fet-l.
The location notices of said claims
upon which this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Ari
zona, as follows:
"HORSE SHOE", Book 14, Records
ot Mines, page 500,
"UNION", Book 15. Records ot
Mines, pages 101-102,
"ELK", Book 50, Records of Mines,
pages 744-745.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CLIMAX" lode,
Survey No. 1803, Bisbee Townsite
Survey, and "CENTURY" lode. Sur
vey No. 2553; on the South "CEN
TURY" lode. Survey No. 2553; on
the West "EQUINOXIAL" lode, un
surveyed, owned by H. Finotti.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3490.
Serial No. 042741.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phe'.ps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lodo min
ing claims, situate in the Warren
Mining District, Cochise County. Ari
zona. "MAYDAY"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 38 26' W. 6200.9
feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 1369.3 feet
to corner No. 2; thence S. 22 35
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 4S .47' W, 1369.3 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 2235' E. 600.0 feet
to Corner No. 1, the place of begin
ning. Containing a total area ot
1?.72 acres, expressly excluding . the
surface ground only in conflict with
L'isbee Townsite Survey, consisting
of 2.066 acre. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from
east end center N. 48" 47' W. 1369.3
feet.
"MISSING LINK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 28 15' W.
5533.2 feet; thence S. 76 37' E.
600.0 fect the Corner No. 2; thence
S. 22 35' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 76 37' W. 600.0
feet to Corner' No. 4; thence N. 22"
35' E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a
total area of 20.405 acres, expressly
excluding the surface ground only in
conflict with Bisbee Townsite Sur
vey, consisting of 5.054 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the north end center
S. 22" 35' W. 1500.0 feet
"BISBEE"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 33" 48' W.
6512.9 feet; thence S. 48" 47' E. 1369.3
feet to Coiner No. 2; thence S. 22"
35' W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; I
thence N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to;
600.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing a total
area of 17.872 acres, expressly ex
cluding surface ground only in con
flict with Bisbee Townsite Survej,
consisting of 16.761 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on the
claim is from the west end center
S. 4S" 47' E. 1369.3 feet.
' The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
is recoided in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"MAY DAY", Book 31, Records of
Mines, page 389,
"MISSING LINK", Book 32. Rec-
"BISBEE", Book 54, Records ot
Mines, page 21.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: 'On the South, Bisbee Townsite
Survey and "BRODIE" lode, unsur
veyed, owned by P. Lombardi Estate;
on the West "FRACTION" lode,
unsurveyed. and "BELLE" ISLE No.
1" lode. Survey No. 3477.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent.
Mineral Survey No. 3576.
Serial No. 042974.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix. Arizona, Sept. 15, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
I'helps Dodge Corporation, whose
port-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
i he following named lode mining
claim, situate in t he Warren Mining
District. Cochise County, Arizona:
"REMAINDER"
I'.c-uinning at Corner No. 1, whence
i he S E. corner of Section 27, Town
ship L'l! Souih, Rant:o 24 East. G. &
S It. B. & M. boa8 . :0 60' 30"
i:. 2X45.2 feH; thence S. 4' IS' W.
::.r)w.3 feet to Cottier No. 2; thence
S. 8i'( lo' W. 210.0 fuel to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 45 2C V. 918.0
leot to Corner No. 4; thence N. 04
IS' K. 52G.1 feet to Corner No. 6;
thenco S. 4r 03' E. 909.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, tho phice of beginning.
Containing a total area of 11.15G
iicres; expressly excluding area in
conHict with Survey No. 1392. "MOD
OC" lode of 5.218 acres. The pe
buincd course oi the vela ia tniB
claim is from the east end center
N. 45 03' W. 993.0 feet j
The location notice of said "RE
MAINDER" claim, upon which this
application is based, is recorded in1
the office of the County Recorder of,
Cochise County, Arizona, in Book 32,'
Records of Mines, at page 352. j
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On-the East "CONTENTMENT"
lode. Survey No. 1392; on the South
"MARTIN" lode, Survey No. 1872 and i
"MASCOT" lode, Survey No. 1743; on
the West "MODOC" '.ode, Survey No.
1392.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3493.
Serial No. 042739.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix. Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Pheipb Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode
mining claims, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona:
"WREN"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 8" 66' E.
7147.4 feet; thence S. 5" 24' W.
602.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence S.
60 38' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
3; thence N. 5 24' E. 602.0 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 60" 3S' E
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing net area
of 17.029 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on' this claim is
from the east end center S. 60" 38'
W. 1500.0 feet.
"BLUE BIRD"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
(the corner of Sections 5. 6, 7 and S.
Township 23 South, Range 24 East,
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 65" 33-' E.
915.9 feet, and) U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 1"
52' W. 6348.S feet; thence S. 5" 24'
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 61" 28' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 5" 24' E. 602.0 feet
to Corner No. 4; thence N. 61" 30'
E. 14&S.3 feet to Comer . No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a net
area of 17.165 acres. The presumed
course ot the vein on this claim is
from the east end center S. 61" 26'
W. 1500.0 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
ia recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, as
follows:
WREN", Book 50. Records of
Mines, pages 745, 746,
"BLUE BIRD", Book 38, Records
of Mines, page 127.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CENTURY" lode,
Survey No 2553, "BISBEE QUEEN"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Rambo; on the South "WINNEBAGO"
lode' Survey No. 3384, "KNICKER
BOCKER" lode. Survey No. 3407.
"SILVER LEAD" lode, Survey No.
3456, and "DIAMOND FRACTION"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C- W.
Rambo. J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give An Estimate on
Your Work.
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833.
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church, Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P; M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P.M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Iluacbuca
and Patagonia.
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
Copper Queen Hotel and High-ciass fate
The hv'i of evemlfuitf at reason iblt a la carte j)rifes.
A Special 73e lum-heoii daily. Also $1.25 dinner from
5 ?o0 to 7 p. m. Keiilar lioartl l.y the month $43.00
HENRY POiTEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Guiuth, Calumet.
LOGAN A. BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COrPER STOCK
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERT0N
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOCKS
North Tigre Leasing Go,
25 CENT3 PER SHARE
JACK SLOG.. MAIN STREET
5 f n
ONE 26 BOX 1129
COPFER CITY
Carpenters and Cabinetmakers
4 C's J03 SHOP
Counter, Shelving, Store, Fixtures
and General House Repairs.
LOWELL, Opposite Brophy Garage
M A n A Rrt I DC A lCVC i
innuni.i J m uifi l L. I v)
CLARIVOYANT AND CRYSTAL
READER
BORN, NOT MADS
Th wise man Investigate;!, the tool
never does. To which cius.t do you be
long? So positive am I ot iiy power
10 tell the past, present and future,
and exactly what you wish to know
that I wiii make no churgu unless you
obtain perfect satisfaction and find
me superior to all other clarivoyanU.
The future can be told. Seek and
you shall find success, harmouy,
peace, power and happiness.
Located permanently next door to
Ixjwell Waiting Room. Office Hours
9 a. m. to 7 p. m. Office l'hone 62.
Residence Phone 621.
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteoo att
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car tOv
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
Phone C67 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
A CLEAN TOOTH NEVER DECAYS
It pays to have your teeth cleaned
every six months. Dr. J. I. Teufert,
Maze 'Bldg. Modern Painless Methods
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Leal Blanks
Oflice below
O-pper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121 PAGE EIGHT
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1919
Tips of
DIES AT HOSPITAL
Mrs. Minnie Scott, residing in Moon
canyon, diet! at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning at the C. Ac A. hospital. She
leaves, besides her husband, who is a
mechanic nt the Junction r,h;ift, five
children who are all under 11 years
of age.
STOCKHOLDER VISITS
G?orse haniger, one of the large
stockholders 01 the XiKlit Hawk rohie,
was a visitor in Bisbee yesterday.
HERE FROM CAPITAL
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Vaughn have
returned from a week's visit to Phoe
nix.. MINING INSPECTOR BACK
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Massey motored to
Lishfe yesterday from Phoenix, where
Mr. Massey attended a conference of
i he. minir.g inspectors of the state
SHERIFF TO TOMBSTONE
Sheriff McDonald, who spent Armis
tice day in Bisbee, returned yesceriiay
to Tombstone.
FORMER RESIDENT RETURNS
Sam Rosenstem, a former resident
of Bisbee, who was engaged in busi
ness here for many years, came to the
city yesterday from San Diego. He
is here to take care or n;s property
interests in the Warren district.
IN- FROM HUACHUCA
George Dunn, a well known Bisbee
pioneer, returned yesterday rrom the
Huuchucns, where" he thu 'attending
to his mining, interests.
HERE FROM UNIVERSITY
John McCullough, a law student at
the University of Arizona, is visiting
his cousin, Frank Loughe:-, t?ie well
known welterweight.
CHOiR PRACTICE TONIGHT
The Junior choir of the Presbyter
ian church will meet for practice at
that church at 7 o'clock this evening.
The chorus choir will meet at 7:30
o'clock.
VICTORY BUTTONS HERE
Victory buttons have been received
at the local offices of the American
Red Crohs for Allen George Babcock,
All?n G. Falby, Rcbert rersuson,
"Frank William Buxton. Jared B. Huff
man and Frank X. Suttey.
DOUGLAS VISITOR
George P.uxton of Douglas, member
of the firm of Buxton-amitn, came up
from Douglr.s yesterday on a still
hunt for lawn mowers.
HERE FROM SONORA :
A. H. Zeh, of Cananea, came up From
Sonora yesterday to visit a number of
his Bif bee friends.
AUTOMOBILE SALES
Recent purchasers of Dort cars In
Bisbee, as announced by A. E. Rogers,
local agent, yesterday, were Leonard
W. Cary, of Warren; J. i. r.ioore, of
Fairbanks, and Capt Burroughs, of
Fort Huachuca.
TO DOUGLAS
Bertram Smith, of the firm of Bux-ton-Sniith,
left for Douglas last eve
ning. DIES AFTER BRIEF ILLNESS
Mr. Benjamin Scott, who had many
friends ia the Warren district, died at
the C. & A. hospital yesterday after
a brief illness.
ATTENDS DINNER ,
Maurice Clark, consulting engineer
for the Mux Mining company, return
ed yesterday from Douglas, where he
was a guest of Col. Hobson at a din
ner given at the Country club there.
CANANEANS IN TOWN
.; Among the Cananeans who came
into Bisbee on Tuesdayfor the Armis
tice day celebration were II. B.
Humphrey. A. H. Hammond, W. J.
Murphy. R. A.. Thurston, J. M. Under
wood. R. P. Smith. R. P. Hale. W. L
Beck, T. R. Kelly. C R. Riley, E. H.
Irving, N. C. Kline and John Gait.
The foregoing were from the mining
division, and in addition to these
were a number from the metallurgi
cal and other departments of the Can
anea Consolidated Copper company.
K. OF C. DANCE TONIGHT
The regular weekly dance of the
Knights of Columbus will be held this
evening at K. of C. hall. Becker's
orchestra will furnish the latest of
ORE THROAT
or Tonsilitis, gargle
with warm salt
water, then apply
:VlCfrsVAPOHDBi
YOUR BODYGUARD" - CC" CC. K.20
Special Notice
HEMSTITCHING
We have installed in our
Tailor Shop machines for
hemstitching and picot and
are prepared to accept or
ders for this kind of work
produced in excellent man
ner. Work done while you
wait. .
FRUITM AN'S
Fashion Shop
3
the Town
jazz music, and the lively kind of en
tertainment that distinguishes the
dances of the Knights is again prom
ised. BACK FROM DESDEMONA
George Pool and wife have returned
from Desdemona, Texas, where Mr.
Pool was in business. He has dis
posed of his interests there and will
spend the winter in Bisbee.
LOOKING FOR FRIEND
.Ichn A. Grant, 111 Hamilton ave
nue, Paterson, N. J., has written to
Bisbee in an effort to find Charles
Magee, a native of county Antrim,
Ireland, who was last heard of in Bis
bee in 1S9C. ' Anyone having knowl
edge of Magee's whereabouts is asked
to corimunicute with Mr. Grant.
TO RENDER REPORr
Toe report of the American Legion
with regard to the recent Third Roll
I Call for the American Red Cross,
which was conducted under ir.e ausy:
ices of tha Legicn, will be rendered to-
day, according to an announcement
I made yesterday by Dan Angius chair-
' mnn tit iYta main pnnimltlp
FROM STATE FAIR
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hurs-t hao re-
! turned from Phoenix, whe.-e tney at
tended the- state fair.
AWARDED CROSS
Among the army flyers who have
been awarded the distinguished serv
ice cross lately "for extraordinary
heroism in action in Europe," is Lieut.
Ralph A. O'Neill, of Nogales.
MARRIED IN TOMBSTONE
Earl Lewis end Miss Jessie Dowr.s,
hoth of whom are well known in Bis
bee, were o.uietly marriec at Tomb
stone on last Friday evening. . the
news was made public yesterday.
EXAMINES ROAD
A. II. Gardner of Tombstone, secre
tary cf the old highway commission,
was in Bisbee yesterday. He has
come from the county seat to investi
gate, with Commission No. 1 aucl
Commission No. 2 the paving on the
road from Lowell to the Forest ranch.
TO TOMBSTONE
Attorney John Wilson Ross was in
attendance upon the superior court at
Tombstone yesterday.
Bodies of Russia's
Victims Returned
NEW YORK, Nov. 12. The bodies
of all American soldiers, who made
the supreme sacrifice in the North
Russia campaign were returned home
tonight when the army transport
Daraga in sombre gray,, poked its
nose through the mists off Sandy
Hook and silently entered the har
bor. No screeching whistles from blus
tering little tugboats; no blasts from
mighty trans-Atlantic liners; no
cheers from shore and crowd-lined
skyscrapers greeted these returning
heroes. But the chairman of the
ma3'or's committee of welcome, Rod
man Wannamaker, boarded the Dar
aga to receive the nation's dead
when the vessel slipped into her
flag-draped dock shortly after 10:30.
A Frenchman is the inventor it a
revolving can small enough to be cu
rled in the pocket anfl operated by
pressing buttons with a thumb nd
fingers.
Gets 'His' Medals
.i.'s'.i X
vyf ?.:c"w .
tv W.
m
NEW YORK Lieut. Edwin C. Par
sons has given his fiancee the war
medals and decorations which he won
as a member of the Larayette Esca
idrille. The young woman is Mis3
Ruby Norton, starring now on Uroad
way in "Nothing But Love." Lieuten
ant Parsons 13 famous as trie "most
decorated man" In the Lafayette Es
cadrille. He has presented Miss Nor
ton witha Medaille Militalre for each
ear as an earring. The Croix de
Guerre with eight palms she wears ns
the pendant of her necklace. IIr
shoulder decoration is the preen and
yellow fouragerre for a French cita
tion. Her brooch is the silver story
of the Cuynemer Squadron of the La
fayette Eocadrllle.
f - ft 1 ' - '
AMAGE CASES
AHE DISMISSED
A large number of criminal cases
were dismissed this morning in the
superior court at Tombstone on rec
ommendation of the county attor
ney's olfice, which came up for dis
missal in court following the post
ponement of one case, a demage suit
of Pedro Urias vs. the Phelps-Dodge
company, and the trial of anoiher.
W. D. Evans vs. F. P.. St. John for
unlawful de'ainer. in which the plain-
I : . i !
tm woo given juugmeni.
In the list of cases dismissed were
those brought against contractors in
public roan worn in Cochise county
several month ego, when it was!
cnargea . tney were, unlawfully em
playing alien labor on public work
una :uiiom; the dismissals were 20 :
eai.es ngp.inst G. H. Oswald, 12 cases j.
against C. F. Eaton rr.d foiu- against!
J. B. Chadwiek. Following are the
cases dismissed; j
Paul Beckwith, Jeff Dunnagan. S.l
J. Parker and Jess Carlyle, bootleg
ging; Bart . Landers, grand larceny;
Eugene Meyer, highway robbery; W.
C. Tribolet, selling; T. D. M. Larrieu.i
two cases altering brands; Phil Tov
rea, transporting; J. B. Chadwick.
employing aliens, four cases; Ernest
Verdugo, transporting; Clayton John
son and Johnny Barnes, resisting of
ficer; C. B. Eaton, employing aliens;
12 cases; . G. H. Oswald, employing
aliens. 20 cases; P. .ystrom, trans
porting. Legion Honors Him
BOSTON Governor Calvin Cool
idge, re-elected, is now an honorary
member of the' American Legion. Ma
jor A. J. Beckman pinned on him the
insignia of the legion.
Shortly before his abdication. King
Ludwig of Bovaria presented to th?
wine museum at Speyer sever j? T.c-t-tles
of wine dating from 1540, V;;'3
and 1S22.
SLOW .
DEATH
Aches, pains, nervousness, diffi
culty in urinating, often mean
serious disorders. The worlu s
standard remedy for kidney, iivei,
bladder and uric acid troubles
COLD MEDAL
bring quick rtllef and often ward oft
deadly diseases. Known as the national
remedy cf Holland fcr rcoro than 2CD
year. All druggists, in threo sizes.
ia; lit Dane Gold IVjodu! r .-v ? hor
ud accept no UuiU tioj
THEATRE
1 to 11
-TODAY
. With
Marion Davis
Select's lovely young
star in her sweet breath
of spring.
Cecilia of the
Celia of the Pink
A new photoplay in
which Beautiful Marion
Davies, Fair Flower of
the Screen, will delight
you with the fragrance
of her new, charming
play.
Alaskan Revelations
And the Comedy
Her First Name
': 3
RIVALS IN
,
V
ALBERT
BALTIMORE V takes
canvas:; in Maiyland to
the official
satisfy . all
C RITCHIE.
Even the Lowly Burro Has a
Friend in Bisbee Who Pleads For
His Protection From Police
T1ij following letter to The Re
view was written by a pioneer
ciiizen of Cochise county who has
been aided through many years
by the lowiy burro, and who is
prompted to write by an announce
ment from police headquarters
that all stray burros are to be
rounded up and held for the own
eis, and in case that they are
not claimed with a few uays, they
are to be shot:
"I wish to make a few remarks
in regard to the most faithful ani
mal there is. I am part burro my
self, having used them for 30 years
We packed water into Bisbee when
SSSaMi mmm Tomorrow
1 1
MARYLAND
h 1 . -
i SSii
ft , - xVfV!
tiff'? i
7
HAHAY WV. ACC
parties as to who is -elected gover
nor. Albert C. Ritchie, Democrat,
see.med to be the winner, but Repub
licans refused before the canvass to
accept defeat for Harry W. Xice, Re
publican. there was no water in the coun
try, and we packed food for peo
ple to eat. In fact, burros were
our mainstay and they blazed the
way to make the country what is
is.
"Now we have .pumpkin rollers
from Missouri; turnip pullers from
Arkansas; sheep herders from Tex
as and bohunks from Hell's Half
Acre putting on dog with their
automo&iles, half of which are not
paid for, and in fact, if their debts
were paid tney would not have the
ashes from a cigarette, saying in
your paper that they are going to
exterminate us altogether. Any
From the Book
b'
Is
"
A
. v .
Gay Social Season
Promised Cananea
Mr. Wm. L. Beck and Mr. Truit
nuu, well known society men, were j
the hosts at a dance given in honor j
of the- war nurses of the Ronquillo 1
hospital, at Chiateraj Cananea. on thej
evering or November Stb. The dance !
was a success and was greatly enjoy-
ed by a large crowd of prominent
society folks from both Chivalera and
iRouquillo. This dance was really tho
opening of what promises to be a gay
sr.cial reason t'ai3 winter in Chivalera.
The. entrancing music was furni.-hoj
by a well selected orchestra undr
tho leadership of Prof.- Bobby P. Hale.
man that will do that would ex
terminate his grandmother. He
is anything but a ' man. People
ure making a ' hullabaloo about
. nothing. Let them shut their gates
and let us live awhile yet. any-'
how.
, "One who was heie when the
country was new."
- CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the Moose and
Elk lodges and friends for their sym
pathy and kindness during the illness
and death of car friend, August Red
derstrom. MR. and MRS. A. E. CARLSON".
' 1472-11-13
WD YOU EVER
MOAN'S?
Kp It handy to promote prompt
relief from rheumatic
pains and aches
" T THEN you know what Sloan's
yyt
Liniment will do, as thousands
of men and women the world
oyer know, you, too, will keep it handy.
You will use it for those "twinges of
rheumatii," for relieving that lame
back, muscle stiffness and soreness,
aches, all sorts of external pains, and
exposure aftermaths.
Only takes a little, applied without
rubbing. Soon penetrates, scattering
the congestion, bringing merciful relief
to the throbbing, jumping part.
Three sizes 35c, 70c., $1.40. Any
druggist has it. ' If not, we'd like to
know his name.
S5
1 'V
"Ravished Armenia"
Featuring the Beautiful Armenian Refugee
Aurora ;Mardisanian.
Herself
Sole survivor of half a million Christian Armenian girls, in her
own story of two years in Kurdish slave markets and Turkish
Harems.' ThisEpic- Film produced with
; 5,000 PEOPLE AND
the " most sensational revelation
- East yet at hand.
Film That Will Make You Thank Providence you Live in
America.
Sure
eiief
6 3ELL-ANS
Hot water
Sure Relief
FOR INDIGESTION
r
THE A T R E
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
William Desmond
In
The Famous. Bcrc
Drama
ler
"Whitewashed
Walls"
A Robertson-Cole Special
Gaumont's Express
Graphic
OUTING CHESTER
it-.
Strand Comedy
"Little Miss
Pinkerton"
57
7
83 PRINCIPALS
of conditions' in
1 I T 'rf
v m
Thousands of People.
Facts, Not Fiction
ADMISSION
Adults - - - 50c
23