FOUR
THE BfSBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 5, 1916.
.05
. .75
. 2.25
. 4.00
. 7.50
. 2.50
. .75
company stores, the company towns, the company con
trolled Institutions in different parts of the state."
Granting that such fear exists. The Review, is inclined
to the opinion that it arises from psychological rather
than material conditions. Permit us to explain:
! Anything possessed of bulk inspires, first of all, fear.
' ihe man who looks for the first time toward a towering J
mountain; at a far-flung desert; at a huge piece of ma-j
chlnery; at a "skyscraper"; at a dreadnaught, is gripped
by a sensation of awe if not absolute fear. Corporation?
are the huge structures of big business and big business
is bulk. The individual worker finds it exceedingly
difficult if not utterly impossible to understand his co-or- (
dination with big business. Yet he and his kind actually
constitute the bulk, and upon the contentment and proa-;
perity of himself and his kind rests the success or failure j
cf big business. '
Fear is largely the result of Ignorance. The "great, bis
fear in the hearts of thousands of Arizona citizens that
PHONE NO. 39. there exists a program," etc., is a great big bugpboo.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee ."Home ownership" is encouraged in every possible man
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by ner. Companies "establish towns" solely in the interests
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the of workers and in furtherance of the ends of organiza
Circulation department. No. 39. The Review will con- ' tion. In the Warren District, where are employed the
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported to largest number of men in any district of its size in Ari-
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second-class Mail Matter
Subscription Rates:
SINGLE COPIES, Daily .
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year .;
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
" No Subscription taken for less than 75 Cents.
PALS
the Circulation Department. The Messenger service ap
plies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, April 5, 1916.
MORE ARIZONA "TALK."
Occasion again arises to acknowledge from th Miami
Silver Belt further instructive and fair-minded comment
on political activities in Arizona, contained in the fol
lowng editorial:
"The Bisbee Daily Review, one of the strongest and
most ably edited newspapers in Arizona, makes some in
teresting political comments on an article recently ao
pearing under the title or "Guesses and Near Guesses on
the Political Situation."' . ' .
"Man is more or less a creature of his environment.'
So is a newspaper.
"A newspaper must reflect its public in order to serve
the interests thought its patrons of its patrons. For
instance, Miami has been called the "Labor Capital"
of Arizona, due, no doubt, to the fact that here in the in
dependent town of Miami are found many of the labor '
leaders of Arizona-. ';
"The editor, manager, the publisher and the owners,
of the, Dally Arizona Silver Belt are not now and never;'
have been directly connected with the large copper and
railway corporations in Aizona. They look upon Ari
zona from a different viewpoint. They have all lived in ;
J zona, ironclad provision was made to increase the agc
I scale whenever there was increase of profit attendinr
J increase in the price of copper. What are the actual re
j suits obtaining to-day? In all branches of mining, work
: ers in the Warren District are receiving the highest
i wages ON EARTH for their class of labor. An eight
j hour day prevails; a period of work requested by employ -!
es and endorsed by employers. Big business would be
overjoyed to be rid of the responsibility of company
stores" which, in the Warren District at least, are es
tablished for the exclusive purpose of guaranteeing fair
prices for commodities to the toilers of the community.
In furtherance of this principle, the "company store" pro
jected by the New Cornelia Copper Company in the Aj J j
District, which is controlled by Calumet & Arizona, will j
i
be a co-operative institution. Does the Silver Belt ser-
iously believe that big business contemplates forcing "in-1
fant children Jo work?"
The Review is no more or no less susceptible to the in- J
fluences of environment than any other newspaper whic'i j
earnestly yea, almost religiously seeks to hew to the
mark. It is for this reason that Tlie Review repeats its !
appreciation of The Silver Belt's straight-from-the-shoui-!
der talk. The Silver Belt has expressed far more grace- ,
fully than we could the desirability of maintaining live
which the outsider might consider impertitnent if pro-j
'We have a select
line of La Valliers,
Gold bracelets, brace
let watches, diamoni
ruby and saphire
rings, and many oth
er articles from
which to select that
graduation present
Waikins & Esrgquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
1
Arizona for many years, so long in fact that Arizona
has become the only home they have. They are sin-'
cerely desirous of promoting Aiizona's best interests ;
politically and economically and in a moral and educa- j
tional way.
"The newspapers in Arizona are discussing openly and
freely, as never before, our state affairs. These discus-
sions while not entirely free from personal invective and j
more rational and convincing than any which have been -published
during previous campaigns. All classes acd
all interests are having their say. And this is just as it j
should be. Out of this fair and free discussion will come !
a conc'iusion which must be helpful. j
"Labor, capital and the small business man and home,
owner each has his angle in life. Each has his viewpoint.
Recognition of each others rights and toleration of each
others views will do more toward an honest constructive
program than an effort made by each to conquer am' '
control.
"No doubt many of the Silver Belt readers will be in- (
; gress and enlightenment may be made thereby.
terested in what The Review lias to say. We know that (
among our readers are many people so prejudiced against it
NO MORE PATIENCE.
Again and again the United States has assumed th:it
the German government was sincere in its expression cf
friendship and its pledges to respect American life at se:i.
I And every time the acts of the German navy have be-
lied t.ie government's promises.
! Most Americans have lost faith in German pledge;;.
1 . The President and Congress now seem driven, with ex
treme reluctance, to the same distrust.
On Sept. 1, 1915, the German government gave a formal
pledge, that no more unarmed liners would be attacked
without warning and without giving the non-combatant
passengers and crews a chance for their lives. vlior.
Berlin tnnounced its intention to begin attacking armtrl
Merchantmen after March 1, it assured the United States
that the former pledge still held good.
Within threw weeks several passenger ships and mer
chantmen have been blown up without warning. Several
more Americans have been killed and others injured,
"LOREX"
Bargain Counter
BISBEE.
Four room frame house. Tomb
stone canyon, near car line, bath
and toiiet. 5-300.00, terms.
Three room house, frame Moon
canyon. $600.00. Terms.
Johnson's Addition.
Thirteen room house, frame, two
stories, water and gas connections.
$2500.00. Terms.
Four room cement house, mod
ern, three lots, $2200.00. Terms.
Four room h ouse, one lot, a bar
gain, $1200.00. Term.
Upper Lowell.
Six room house, very desirable,
a bargain $1450. Terms.
CoJ-.lie.
Six room house, frame, fruit
trees, a snap at $2250.00, Terms.
Other bargains in all parts of
the District.
We have a buyer for 100 cows
or more.
Utilize
"LOREX"
Facilities
LOWELL REALTY ECHANGE
LOWELL.
h -r-iF--'L5vLF3;ii'- M' ' , -v?' " A - '
I - I h- JzZTt o y-Jr i
the so-called "corporation press" of Arizona that they
rc fuse to read or believe anything published in newspa
pers of that type. This is a kind of intolerance and is a
narrow view point for any honest American citizen to I
; and a Iare number put in jeopardy their lives. None of
! the sliips were armed.
OW
fl
L
y SB of our experienced
M UN designing a home
PULD you
IKE to nave the
it
B
E
e
G
EFORE starting that new
house
VERY DAY we have work ol
this kind to do.
IGHT now at a good tin- tc
start.
OME in and let us pliin or flguro
Q N anything you with to build.
PHONE 16.
fas
1
Evidence of Satisfaction
The best evidence of satisfactory service
is shown by the fact that many accounts
have been with us for years.
Every depositor is assured of prompt,
careful attention to banking business en
trusted to us.- Checking Accounts are invited.
take. If a cause is just and right and fair it can not be .
injured by the other fellow's argument. If our cause is
untenable perhaps a perusal of what the other fellow has ;
to say will give us much needed enlightenment.
"The Bisbee Daily Review is showing its colors and is
entitled to a hearing under them. The Bisbee Review
represents a big city and a' large mining district in Ari
zona. It is read by a large number of people. And while
it has not been published for as many years as has the
Silver Delt it has been published for a sufficient length tf
time to demonstrate that it is an institutional paper, that
it meets a demand in Arizona, that it is a permanent part
of the life of Arizona and is representative of a large c-it 5 -zenship
in Arizona who feel, think and believe in sympa
thy with the ideas expressed by The Review.
"IJefore proceeding to the Review's articles we wisli
to mention the fact that there are thousands of people in
Arizona who believe that Gov. Hunt represents protection
against the commercial depredations of the absentee cap
italists. There are thousands of union miners in Arizona
who Ixlievn that Gov. Hunt Is on the firing line to pro
mote their financial and political welfare. There are hun
dreds, yes many hundreds, uf small tax payers who be
lieve that Governor Hunt has aided in proper distribu
tion of the taxes among the rich corporations and the
small home owners ?Iike.
"There is a great big fear in the hearts of thousands of
Arizona citizens that there exists a program on the part
of organized absentee capitalists interested In Arizona
to destroy home ownership, to establish company towns
to lower the wage scale, to increase the working hours
to monopolize the retail business, to control the courts,
to force, infant' children to work, to make advancement
ami promotion for nieritoiis citizens difficult and im
po.HKilih;; in fait to create a capitalistic oligarachy v'
company leudalibin instead of a democratic form of gov
eminent in' Arizona. If the Review wishes to know upoi
v hat V '.' f'-ar is fouudcU we need only refer it to lli'
I In spite hf perfunctory protestations of innocence, it is
' hard to avoid the conclusion that the German navy is run
ning amuck with the acquiescence of the German govern
menL ' . .
We have reached the linii tof our patience. If Ger
many is responsible for these outrages we cannot con-
J tinue friendly relations with her and preserve our honor E
I ........ iS
auu sen respeci. w nen me prooi against ner is con- : Q
elusive, nothing but the fullest apology and reparation ; S
should be allowed to prevent our cutting off diplomatic g
relations. It is a ridiculous farce to pretend to be on , ii
friendly terms with a government that slaughters our cit- j
izens and laguhs in its sleeves at our simple-minded faith .?j
in its sincerity. I
Two Peaks Mining Co.
25c a Share
only a limited number of shares will be offered at this
price. The Two Peaks P.Iining Company's property is
located 1 2 miles west of the Huachuca Siding and con
sists of 24 claims in ihe Whetstone Mountains.
Twslve Hundred feet of development work has al
ready been done which shows ore assaying from 2 to 23
per cent.
New tunnel started which will cut the ore bodies from
300 to 1 ,000 feet.
This is the Best Buy on the Market Today. Correspon
dence and investigation Solicited N
For particulars, prospectus and engineers reports,
write or call on
E. P. A. LARRIEU
Secretary arid Sales Agent
TURNER, ARIZONA.
BEAUTIES OF THE ENGLISH TONGUE.
Oximidodibromproacemic acid; dinicthyloximidome-
soraiamiae; uemetliyiamiu bazoucnsaldchyde; dinu'thyle- : 4
lw.n.t a....... v.. I i.. . . . . 1 .' t . I 1 . . . I ti
Iwxylic ester. , , : ''''Jf, j
ia uoi a uimjuimi tun in a hiraupeiy mreiii unique,
It Is nut pven tile namea it iiifiimtultiu in l..vi..n T1 iu '
live items on a list of requisitions made by a New York j
hospital. The charities commissioner into whose liaiwls j
it came found it too much for him and sent post'
haste for the city chemist, who declared the items to bi
well known chemicals. The list was then O. K'd. It mere- j'
ly proves that there are more words i nthe Knglish lan- j $asaM.swrjgacCaagya
i?uage than are dreamt of in our vocabulary.
With Money
That's the v.ay wealth has been gained every since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings" Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent in
terest which this bank allows.
Get ycur savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank and Trust Company
Main Street Bisbee. Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald. Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant cashier.
k' !.
H '.3 M !
The New York state senate has solved the nation's mil
iary problem by resolving in favor of a regular army of
I7X.WMI men. Now, as the New York World suggests,
lothing remains to be done but for Congress to ratify
he decision of the Albany statesmen. And inasmuch
is one good turn deserves another, congress ought to go
headand pass a budget for I lie state of New York.
liermany denied Uniting the liner Persia. Then An
tria denied it, and then Turkey. Now It's Bulgaria'
urn. Then they can all begin over again on the liners
orpedocd since.
Coupon Good for 5 Votes
Below is a vote coupon. Ask Your Friends to save these Coupons, a3
each and every one counts for five votes.
Not Good After April 17th, 1916. Revisw Carriers' Campaign.
,THIS COUPON WILL COUNT FOR 5 VOTES
For
Vrite narno of Carrier and send to Circulation Department of tho
Bisbee Daily Review on or before the above date
No count will be altered or transferred after being received at The
Review office.
Capital. Resources, and the Ability, Charac
ter and Standing of the men who conduct its
affairs are what go to make up a strong bank
ins? institution.
Possessing all these qualities this Bank
inv ites your banking business.
Bank with US
Bank with us.